jpvljnj	Some examples of these kinds of comedies released in the last few years. There are probably more: Blockers (2018) Booksmart (2019) Yes, God, Yes (2019) Freaky (2022) Happy Death Day / 2 U (2017/19) To All the Boys I've Loved Before + sequels (2018/20/21) Do Revenge (2022) Bottoms (2023)
jpvhx3h	One of the biggest recent comedy movie successes I can think of was Weird: The Al Yankovic Story, and that movie thrived off word of mouth from eager Weird Al fans who were hungry for another comedy movie event from their hero.
jpvhrkc	i had a pretty seriousl painkiller habit myself for years, the comparison i was making was more about the hysteria the movie treats the subject rather than a comparison of the drugs themselves, which i agree aren't really comparable
jpvfdbx	But Blondie double-crosses Tuco first? All of Tuco's plotting against Blondie is in retaliation for Blondie's initial action. When they're talking at the beginning of the film, he says: "Whoever double crosses me and leaves me alive understands nothing about Tuco." This heavily implies that this isn't an ongoing thing -- they've been true to each other so far. So, based on the film Blondie is the one who couldn't be trusted because he leaves Tuco to die in the desert first.
jpveep1	I personally wouldn't equate opiates with marijuana. I had people in my life die from opiates. I see your point about the melodrama tho.
jpvarml	Yo, just say you're racist and go.
jpv8860	It's so effin good start to finish.
jpv7flq	YOU BETTER GO TO A SCREENWRITER WHO WRITES WEAKER SCRIPTS, TRAVELER
jpv7b1b	Well, it's not ten minutes, it's six, but you can do the math: a movie running 25fps instead of 24 gets one second ahead every 24 seconds. If a movie should be 7200 seconds long (two hours) but you're getting ahead by one second for every 24, then that's 300 seconds faster by the end of the movie (5 minutes). This is no longer an issue in the blu-ray era, as pretty much everything is presented in 24fps that's supposed to be, but OP has a DVD, where this problem was a necessary fault of the format.
jpv6122	He died because he got manipulated into barging into Sals business screaming and blasting music. Naturally Sal gets angry and smashes his radio, then Radio Raheem attacks Sal and starts choking him to death. The cops come and yes what they did was awful and unnecessary but it certainly wasn’t unprovoked. It’s not as if they killed him strictly because of his color. That was definitely a factor but the main reason was because he was being violent af.
jpv5hs9	The cop’s reaction was completely ridiculous but why do you act as if it was completely unprovoked as if he wasn’t trying to MURDER Sal and choke him to death 🙄
jpv544w	Somehow I missed that Grizzly Bear broke up?! But I’m excited to listen to Rossen’s album
jpv5211	Why tf would he hire black and Hispanic strangers when he could have his two sons work there. Unlike most people in these shit neighborhoods Sal is actually passionate about what he does. He calls Radio Raheem the N word after they barge into his place blasting music and screaming and call him slurs first. Sal did nothing wrong, I literally can’t think of one reason why what happened was even remotely Sals fault. It was completely buggin outs fault. Also, why would he put MLK and Malcom X on the wall of a pizzeria owned by Italians? That would be really weird.
jpv4wuy	&gt;I agree that it is probably one of the most important films ever made u/adamlundy23 It's top 5 in the TSPDT list along with Citizen Kane, Vertigo, Tokyo Story and 2001 Space Odyssey. They collect a list from all critiques' and directors' favourite movies from all times and create the list. It's a very good list if you want to learn about which movies are recognized: [TSPDT LIST](https://www.theyshootpictures.com/gf1000_startinglist_table.php) As others say, it gets better when you learn more about it and rewatch. But it's very hard to watch since it's moving so fast all over the film that's why it's annoying for me but as a movie lover I mostly like more when I read and learn about movies instead of a short time enjoyment but yet the movie was hard to watch :)
jpv33eq	Spike Lee confirmed this isn’t true. Mookie did it purely out of misdirected anger and blamed a completely innocent man for Raheems death.
jpv2xv6	You totally miss the point when people talk about this movie. They’re not saying Radio Raheems life is unimportant or less important than sals pizza place, they’re saying that Sal was completely innocent and had nothing to do with Radio Raheems death and that Mookies anger was completely misdirected. If anyone is responsible for his death besides the police, it’s buggin out. The cops killing radio Raheem was horrible and totally unnecessary but it’s not as if it was unprovoked on his part, after all he was trying to choke Sal to death. Sal was completely justified for breaking his radio when those assholes come in blasting it and screaming in his face.
jpv1oyz	No he didn’t. He chose to misdirect his anger towards an innocent man named Sal and destroy his restaurant. Sal had nothing to do with what the cops did. Radio Raheem was killed because him and buggin out came into Sals restaurant and started blasting music and screaming in his face, Sal got mad and smashed his radio and then he grabbed Sal and started choking him to death so the cops came and killed radio Raheem unnecessarily. It was awful but it wasn’t exactly unprovoked. The only one in the entire movie who actually was ‘right’ was Da Mayor.
jpv19ii	I legit thought I was the only one! Thanks homie!
jpv13l8	Judd Apatow reduced cinematic cinema to two dudes saying funny things in non-descrupt rooms which essentially rendered it equal to tiktok and youtube content so most people stopped going to see comedies in theater. They have almost the same thing at home, comedically speaking, for free, why bother paying?
jpv0e90	I didn't like it. The middle third where they're talking over Skype should have been cut out and more time spent developing their childhood and present day. Or more time developing their teenage years right after Nora leaves Korea. The dialogue was also awkward at times.
jpuyqnr	First, thanks for writing this. Well done. I loved this movie. Note: It isn't quite a love triangle, in that there is no third side btw, but I get your point. I understand wanting more about the history of Nora and Arthur, but I think it was a masterful call to not dive deeper into Nora and Arthur's past. While it could have added a bit of detail, it would have stretched the movie and all we actually need to know is that they love each other and have a long history. And that's already established. &gt; The movie shows that we can hold onto the reality of Nora and Arthur's practical compatibility as a loving couple, while also cherishing the wistfulness and sentimentalism of Nora's history with Hae Sung. Perfectly stated. And that's why I appreciate the character of Arthur. He realizes this too. And because of that, I don't find his character tragic in any sense. He is accepting that his world could change, is trusting that their relationship is strong enough that it won't change, and is supportive that people can have a broad range of emotions that aren't mutually exclusive. Again, thanks for your write up. I really enjoyed the movie and your thoughts.
jpuvm7e	Yeah it sucks. Basically all midbudget US comedies that did well have died as genre. With the rare exceptions here and there. Those that're made for streaming mostly suck. It seems studios are too risk averse, or see tv scratching that itch better. I dunno what the answer is - how what was once a type of film that got people out to the cinema can return.
jpuv50a	Turn of century Brooklyn looked dope in movie though.
jpus52c	I also really enjoyed the book. Didn’t read it until a couple years ago. It gave me more Fallout mental imagery vs the film, and I liked the protagonist more in the book. The movie is a work of art. Each scene a painting I’d love to see in a gallery, or on my wall. I adore the mood. The soundtrack is peak 80s, and nostalgic. I’ll rewatch often for all those reasons, and not the story. It’s nice both exist.
jpunjng	My bad
jpum0x7	What does that mean? How can higher framerate make it 10minutes shorter?
jpukqng	Loved Booksmart, and also Eighth Grade. Second Easy A, an absolute favourite. And for a madcap teenagers in love film, try Rosaline.
jpu9617	Wrong. Heart of Darkness had nothing to do with satirizing imperialism. It was about the duality of man, of either giving into savagery or maintaining your humanity all set up with the backdrop of Belgian colonialism to evoke vitality.
jpu6sfx	Booksmart is so good! I also really enjoyed Moxie.
jpu5ti0	Prince of Darkness has serious momentum. It takes a little while to get cooking but once it does, it is so much fun, and it climaxes hinting at something with true enormity. Love this film, one of my top 2 or 3 from Carpenter. And his score helps give the movie its thrust.
jpu5dct	no fucking way.
jpu5769	I’m looking for what the genre or category is called, maybe something that’s taught in movie school. This genre fascinates me and yes, Mortal Engines falls in that category.
jpu5143	i don't agree that it sucks, it's at least nice to look at and the score is great, but it does make me sad that they made a movie where they could've done anything they wanted, constructing an entire dream world with its own logic, and instead they jumped between what felt like levels in a video game
jpu4tmm	requiem for a dream is reefer madness for the 21st century. it's well constructed but it's so fuckin ridiculously over-the-top melodramatic that it's hard to take seriously
jpu3m8c	Thanks for sharing these accounts! (You mistyped the Sarris account, it's notandrewsarris. Couldn't find it at first)
jpu2f8t	I'm really tired of guys like you who think it's clever to shit on Wes Anderson with the argument "it's all random". If you're incapable of analyzing the movie, it doesn't make you anymore of an authority to criticize it. I made a lot of effort in my post to give a few leads about WA choices and in what Asteroid City differs from his other movies, but it's very clear that nobody really reads it either. But it still doesn't make it the right place for the rant you came up with, buddy.
jpu1lr6	It’s not a stoner film. The main character (and only the main character) happens to smoke weed. He doesn’t even do it that much. It’s not at all a stoner movie, nor does it try to be. The fact that the main character is lazy and highly unmotivated is way more important to the story than the fact that he smokes an occasional joint in the tub.
jpu1e5i	You don’t know if it’s a well made film or not? What? You don’t notice things like cinematography or direction or editing?
jpu105r	What’s wrong with your soul? I’m concerned for you.
jpu0jcr	Hi ! I really enjoy lurking on this subreddit, but posting on Reddit always means a big effort to structure a nice big paragraph that is going to stay around. Does anyone has an invite for something like a Discord server where people enjoy to chat casually about movies and recommand each other stuff ?
jpu0irj	Recently, Top Gun: Maverick. I try to judge movies by how well they accomplish what they set out to do, and I think this movie nailed what it was going for. I think it’s about as good as a Top Gun sequel probably could’ve been. I still didn’t like it. I admire it, and respect it, but that brand of cheese just isn’t for me.
jpu07ci	I honestly think Green Mile is a laughably bad movie.
jptyyl1	Now say that 2001 is underwhelming and you'll end everyone in here
jptymp4	I've seen every major Tarantino film bar Jackie Brown (I should get around to that), but I have zero interest in rewatching any of them, and I'm pretty sure I didn't bother finishing a couple. I think I get why people like them, but idk, they just leave me cold.
j6cype5	I just copied and pasted this list from the theyshootpictures website.
j6cy9nm	I need to check it out! I regret not seeing it in theaters but I really should watch it.
j6cx5iw	Whilst there are natural lines to be drawn with Seventh Seal, what with Death as a character, the film is a remake of Death Takes A Holiday from 1934, itself I believe an adaption of an Italian play. I haven't seen the original but it seems to be held in quite high regard and most likely a superior film to the remake. I always felt it was a kind of hollywood double hit like deep impact/armageddon alongside City of Angels. Both came out in 1998 and were existential romances dealing with the afterlife that were remakes of (certainly in the case of City of Angels) far greater more profound works, stripping out any artistry and deeper meaning and pushing it into a very vanilla 90s studio romance mould. I think it's still watchable and a decently made film, better than City of Angels (though that had Iris by GooGoo Dolls going for it) but nothing to trouble any classics lists and very much of it's time. There was definitely a lot of potential for a deeper look at love/mortality and fleshing out of the characters. From what I remember it was pretty bog standard in terms of filmmaking and cinematography as well with no real voice or point of view.
j6cvunl	I loved Bardo so much, a bit bizarre to me that it hasn’t been discussed much, but I wonder how accessible it is to people without some baseline of Mexican history/culturalknowledge
j6cuzti	You know what, I think you are right. They love to publish these lists prematurely so it's totally possible they passed over Babylon in order to get the list out earlier.
j6cucm8	I'm so glad to hear that. :) I looked for it as well, but... :( Maybe gotta ask in Japanese forums.
j6ctvcy	For someone who was really young in 1995 your post is filled with boomer-level "phones = bad" ideas about young people. People still strike up conversations and make new connections and wonder around cities without navigation despite having smartphones. There are plot points that wouldn't work if the movie is made and set today - namely, the ending, since not exchanging phone numbers, e-mail or social media accounts WOULD actually be too contrived if set today - but you can definitely tell a story about two people who meet by chance and spend an entire day together in a European city.
j6ctme9	&gt;Also, does anyone have suggestions for a under-the-radar, 'fun' popcorn movie from this list? I'm leaning towards 'Decision to Leave' based on the director's past Maybe check out Athena. :) I love Decision to Leave tho!
j6ct7x5	It feels rather snobbish to just exclude Avatar 2 from the list. Film snobs seem to love to hate on the late James Cameron. That being said, there's no argument that the plot of 2 is once again predictable and has a lot of cliches, but Cameron does not care for these kind of things. He wants to play some high notes and in the meantime explore some very basic philosophical ideas in a fucking breathtakingly gorgeous way - nothing wrong with that. That might resonate with younger people much more than any didactic masterpiece such as *The Tale of Iya* might do (like a fairy tale maybe). And with me, but I just take films at face value if that makes sense. Also whales. &lt;3 :D I found it to be a more impressive films than quite a lot of the titles named, the same is true for The Northman, Athena and Babylon. Lists are always somewhat arbitrary but this still irks me sometimes.
j6cstj1	What’s the relevance of Avatar breaking records?
j6cspxh	What do you mean by “people desperate to project significance and meaning into an empty vessel”? Are you talking about the people who like the movie?
j6cslmu	Could you please explain the Elvis love to me? I am curious to hear what you loved about it - to my eyes it’s the oddity in that top 20 list you have I don’t really know what else to say to meet the comment minimum limit rule, as I’m just asking an open-ended question to seek someone else’s views… so I’ll just say it again - what did you like about Elvis?
j6csgo0	Apart from a phenomenally shot first act that easily reaches the heights of any other Eggers film? It gets the time in many ways so damn right, and the atmosphere of that time. Maybe you don't care much for that topic or time period but as a fellow fanatic of the likes of Wardruna and a keen interest of paganism &amp; Co. this film just hits all the right notes. It's such a delight that Eggers repeatedly showed to take religions very seriously even when he directly criticizes their effects as in The Witch - and his take on nordic mythology wasn't some cool Odin cliché, it was straight up how vikings might have imagined their Gods. Gorgeous. The climax didn't do much for me either and you notice that that volcano scene has probably been pushed by the studio, but what do I care when half of the movie is a masterpiece? A film can be exceptional even if it fails in some regards - the same is true for Babylon.
j6csal8	‘tightly written’ Oh definitely. But I think that’s how I could enjoy Bruges over Banshees. Bruges gives me Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels vibes but imo a tad better if I had to choose.
j6cs2xn	What do you mean by self-indulgent? I see this term come up heaps and I still don’t know precisely what it means
j6crwzf	Glass Onion knows what it is and executes that vision better. For all its grandeur and tributes to pre-Code Hollywood, I felt that Babylon had very annoying dialogue and Robbie and Pitt’s characterisation did not sustain my interest for the running time. Elvis is trash, worst movie I saw in 2022
j6cr33e	Go ahead, try
j6cogf3	Such a horrendous take on aftersun. It’s a superbly made film that certainly flies by at around 90 minutes.
j6cofn1	somebody here really likes Kimi, because they keep downvoting all these replies :P I wish they'd pipe in and let us know why they liked it
j6coawz	I was actually wondering if maybe every publication felt like they needed to be on Soderberg's good side for some reason, so I guess I was getting conspiracy-minded too lol The only reason I stuck through it was because it took place in my city and it was fun to see familiar sites
j6coa5c	It really undercuts your point that instead of providing arguments for why you think The Northman is a better movie, you chose to write four different versions of the same sentence. Okay, we get it. It's not just that you won't further elaborate on your point, but no one should dare and try discuss why Glass Onion might be a better movie.
j6cnk0w	Studios set up critics' screenings and send digital copies of the movie to critics. Believe me, it was seen by every serious critic that works for a major outlet or is a member of a major critics' association or awards group. Films by major directors, production and distribution companies and/or awards season potential opening in December (even the last week of December) is not a new thing, and it's film marketing 101 to have it in front of critics and award show voters before top 10 lists and nomination ballots are due.
j6clynq	i disagree with the idea that jeff seems more real with dorothy. maybe that was the intention but…they barely say two words to each other?? to me he’s more fascinated with her in the way that a lot of men think they like with just cause you’re pretty without actually getting to know you lol
j6clkbs	just thought it was frickin epic brah 🤘
j6cjd6m	&gt;Satyajit Ray is a lesser filmmaker than Ingmar Bergman Satyajit Ray already gets plenty of international acclaim. As you mentioned sin your original post, he is the exception to the rule. Do you have any recommendations for the other directors you mentioned? I think the main problem faced by Western (or maybe non-Indian) audiences and critics, is that there's so much output from India's different movie scenes that it's hard to navigate as an outsider. It's massive and dense, and those outside it don't have the context to navigate it without some guidance. Even just from a language perspective, there's nothing with that kind of variety.
j6cil3k	Roger Ebert went so far as to call him a troll, which is spot-on.
j6ci5gw	Probably the fairest review he could've given. Man I loved those movies when I saw them in theatres at like 7 years old, especially that sequel -- was that Monsters Unleashed? But for an adult... yeah i can't imagine concluding anything other than "it is what it is" I still can't believe Matthew Lillard played Shaggy
j6chxp4	I had the same reaction to Kimi. It was just so so bad. I don’t think I’ve ever bought into a single conspiracy in my whole life but I could be convinced that there is a one going on to make people think this terrible movie is good.
j6chja6	With mediocre films, I always have to think of Leonard Maltin's 5-word review of one of the ScoobyDoo films: "It is what it is."
j6chedp	I find films based on just meta critic ratings (watch mostly everything over 75). Happy to know that I had 49/50 on my watch list already, except crimes of the future, which only scored 67.
j6ch8p9	What did you like about Northman? Felt like a film that was adding in spooky action scenes to reach mass audiences. But the action was pretty boring in retrospect, the twist with Nicole Kidman was telegraphed, and I had no reaction to the last 30 minutes other than thinking Skaarsgards character wasn’t much of a hero if he got his ass kicked for most of the film and then couldn’t even beat his “evil” uncle. Not sure what the point is of wasting the screen time to get that badass sword when he spends most of his screen time in bandages from aforementioned ass beatings. Also not sure why the film tries to mythologize the journey by pretending the psychedelic vision of a family dynasty justified the entire revenge plot. In reality, the kid probably would’ve preferred to grow up with a father. Pretty soulless film with zero takeaways. Hats off to the choreographer though I guess.
j6cgx23	I think most people rightly assume that White is merely producing click-bait rather than actually engaging in film criticism.
j6cgws7	The Menu was terrible and it’s omission is well deserved. The movie had absolutely nothing interesting to say. Every point it tries to make is full of hypocrisy.
j6cgo7f	When I love a film, I can gush about it endlessly, for hours and hours, without pause. But I won't usually be talking technicality -- I'll simply talk about the many ways in which I was moved. Moments and beats that affected me on an instinctive and emotional level. When I dislike a film, I find, strangely, that I can do almost the same thing -- go on endlessly about why I hated it, but in this case I will probably be overly technical about how the film failed. I can do both of these to a similar degree, but one of these activities induces bitterness, and the other spreads joy at mutual appreciation of a work of beauty. So it's an easy choice for me between which one I enjoy doing more. The one type of film that I find throws a wrench into this is movies that are neither good nor bad -- mediocre films. I find these so hard to review because it's not specific problems so much as a general lack of soul, or spark, or whatever you wanna call it. While I can rant about bad movies for hours, and good movies for even longer, mediocre movies are the ones for which I really struggle to get through even a short review
j6cfff8	I am with you. Bad films have problems that you can't get over, that you can't overlook - so it is (most of the time) easy to put into words what you did not like about such a film. Good films often come together perfectly; all the "moving parts" are good, but they also combine to create something bigger. Almost impossible to describe in writing (or otherwise). But even though it is "easier", I still don't enjoy writing bad reviews, because it mostly frustrates me. It frustrates me that I watched a bad film when I could have spent that time watching a better one. And it frustrates me that so many people (cast, crew, etc.) had their time wasted producing something that is worse than what they had every right to hope for and expect. And it frustrates me, because (while there might be some value in "warning" someone), I prefer recommending good films to people rather than suggesting to them what to avoid.
j6cdr2w	I thought Babylon was a damn masterpiece
j6cdmxd	I agree and am quite partial to surrealism myself too. Have you seen Bardo yet? I felt what Innaritu went for with that and was pretty great, Khondi's cinematography was awesome too, and was gutted to see it get a lukewarm reception as it deserves so much more.
j6c7o8l	I thought Kimi was awful. I feel like I am losing my mind every time I’m seeing people’s opinions of the year’s films bc it seems to always come up. I guess we’re crazy.
j6byxd2	Nice post, but I think you're being way too pessimistic about phones. People definitely still strike up conversation on trains, especially two hot people in their early 20s riding solo through Europe. You think the modern day Ethan Hawke, an American traveling abroad, full of piss and vinegar, is going to scroll on his phone when Julie Delpy sits down next to him? And old couples will *definitely* choose to loudly bicker (no matter their surroundings) instead of sink into their phones. I'm also pretty down on what smartphones have done to this society but I do believe that people still have a pulse out there. Do agree on the overall tone of your post though, great film that feels nostalgic despite never actually being there.
j6bvb2z	There are almost every movie I loved but Godland, also the Northman. Godland in particular is a movie I want to see again and again. Crimes of the future (I love Cronenberg) is a joke of a movie, shouldn't be in this list.
j6bu52k	Curious if you got to watch Bardo by Alejandro Inarittu? I put it in my top 10 and love his surreal style mixing in with the meta life. I haven’t seen it on any lists much but I really resonate with it. Could be that it’s also because I’m a Mexican/American and I relate with the heavy intercultural themes.
j6brixj	When Sight and Sound's 50 best films of 2022 (generated from submitted critics top 10 lists) came out on Dec. 19, Showing Up got an even higher ranking of 13 (from 12 votes). I don't know Babylon's exact release schedule (first showing November?), but it shows it's first review on RT was in mid-December. Most or all critics top films of the year lists were already out by then...
j6brilr	I’m 2 years late to this discussion but the film gets high praises from me because it mirrors my life. I came from a lower middle class family. My mom, while enjoying former glories like the mom from parasite, had the propensity to moonlight as a member of the upper class. She thought having a service job, close to rich people made her part of that world. She’d work in their homes, take some their unused, brand name items and she considered that a win. Her only concept of a retirement plan was me because I was smarter, college educated and I genuinely could fit into both worlds, kinda like the Kim son in this story. In the end, my moms luck ran out before I “made it” in life, just like Mr Kim. Now I live with that burden of wanting to improve my moms circumstances even though she herself was very unrealistic about her life trajectory. Totally not fair that I’m burdened with this but it’s the untold story of tons of people like me. I loved the movie because it was my first time witnessing a story so similar to my own being told through film. A lot of it is outrageous but not far fetched at all. It seems like one would need to live a life adjacent to the Kim’s to truly appreciate this story. It’s a 10/10 for me.
j6bpi1z	I love Jackass but did not see the most recent one. It does seem like Jackass is a young man's game, and I would imagine it doesn't work when they seem old and beaten down. It doesn't seem like something you recruit for, but I do wonder where the new breed of Jackass-like guys are.
j6bpc4s	I mean SHOWING UP literally just played at Cannes and it's on here. There has been way more opportunity to see Babylon.
j6bhmb6	Little late here, but I just finished banshees and last week gave In Bruges a rewatch (after 10ish years). I found In Bruge to be the more tightly written movie, but both actors have matured significantly in their talent, and so I found the performances were better by both in Banshees. Overall, both good to great films and each approach some philosophical ideas with some dark humor.
j6ba48j	That's exactly how I felt! I thought it was heading towards something great and I liked a lot of the ideas it set up, then just got increasingly confusing and makes such big jumps in time without any explanation.
j6b9ohs	woah
j6b8d4n	Honestly, one of the best things you can do is just read and listen to a bunch of good critics. Its not to copy them. It gives you insight into what they're looking for and how they deconstruct a film. Pay specific attention to how they come to their conclusions about what they deem good or bad. You don't even have to agree with it, but it can show you a systematic approach to film criticism. This would help you narrow in on expressing your own opinions on why you like or dislike a film. There really is an art to expressing your own views when it comes to a specific topic. And like anything else, it just going to take learning and practice to actually get good at it.
j6b6pfm	When you're reading a review, you're usually reading nothing more than an opinion that cites its sources a little more than normal. You can do the same thing, though. How often do you feel like you can justify your own opinions without reading an opinion? If there's a scene in a movie you especially like, how well are you able to articulate what exactly you like about it and why? Most of the time, I find that when I feel the least sure of my own opinions, it's because I haven't really thought to justify them. So when someone else comes along with a 4 page long justification of their own opinion, it's hard to disagree, because I'm not even sure of what my own thoughts are, exactly.
j6b67lc	My only advice, which has been working for me, is simply to watch more movies. The more you watch, the more you have the ability to critique and think. You’ll notice down the line how you fondly remember the pacing of X movie, the camera work of Y movie, and the performances of Z movie after watching more and finding your own preferences. End of the day, enjoyment is subjective, so you’ll never be wrong about how you feel a movie is. The important thing isn’t to be original and feel intellectual, it’s to enjoy the films, and enjoy joining into the discussions, even if only to listen to what others think! And if sometimes you find your thoughts going against the grain, that’s fine. You won’t line up with the mass opinion on everything, and that’s good. It makes your voice unique.
j6b5b8m	They included Glass Onion but not The Northman. In my opinion that is an absurd opinion. An opinion that could not be justified to me under any circumstances. I would disagree with that opinion regardless of the explanation. I simply can’t co-sign such a viewpoint.
j6axgrn	I absolutely agree with you
j6alxsm	Really? Most of these movies are pretty popular and mainstream.
