k99bf4q	I see this is going nowhere... I'm having to repeat myself to you. Why do you say "This is all you" No it's not. I didn't make to movie! I am saying what happened in the movie. 1. "Men more specifically." Well yeah! They were men. Where did I lie? 2. "One man assauled(...) Other man raped(...) Same man stood by(...) it's these selfish twisted men destroying lifes." Again, point to where I lied. I just stated what happened. It is a fact. You're the one seeing misandry here. I am just seeing men doing bad things in this movie. I didn't say men are inherently evil, that would be misandry. Why did you say "Exactly. A woman is the victim. Men are the bad guys." 🤣 WHAT! You inserted men as a whole in to this when it was just one man raping her that was a bad guy. Also how incredibly convenient of you to completely ignore the Caspar Noe quote. I'll leave this convo here and move on to letterboxd or something lol. My brain is falling apart.
k99awrn	Indeed. But if I recall correctly the audio is edited to isolate that line. I could be wrong though.
k99ajql	My mistake. Thanks for pointing it out. Makes sense. That riff obliterated my memory again.
k999lwy	Adding to my list!
k9994pt	Children of Men and Come And See are the only ones that come close for me
k99913b	I know who Charles Bronson is. I wrongly thought he was talking about a filmmaker. Thank you.
k998vbe	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Bronson
k998iu4	Says all you need to know about the rest of the film.....
k998enj	you don’t give a shit but you wrote this whole post about it. so you do care. this is the most tired, beat to death topic in film right now. nothing you presented here is original or worth discussing deeper. get over it. log off. touch grass.
k997qzl	Who is Bronson? I thought he meant Bresson. Sorry for the ignorant question.
k997lrv	It's just tiresome to litigate this over and over and over, especially when the original argument has been misconstrued and blown out of proportion--but that's the internet for you! Scorsese is still making some of the most important work of his career, and he continues to make movies that are thoughtful and well-crafted. He's also one of our major advocates for preservation and film history. His whole thing is just, "These movies aren't for me, and I wish we got different kinds of films that aren't afraid to be a little challenging." And honestly, I think Scorsese is being vindicated. Comic book movies are flopping more frequently. The model of interconnected storytelling is overwhelming audiences, especially since the quality is diminishing. Meanwhile, a three-hour biopic like Oppenheimer has made nearly $1 billion worldwide. Yeah, IP-driven fare is still going strong, and even Oppy is still coasting on the brand of "Christopher Nolan." But people still want to go to the movies, and we are beginning to see the tides turn in favor of more audacious storytelling.
k997lox	Yeah I somewhat agree, obviously those films are trash and there's a fundamental misunderstanding of how cinema works amidst a certain crowd of lowbrow watcher. their biggest gripes are usually superficial things like "plot holes" or "bad characters", and often use completely arbitrary statements like "pacing" to assess films, completely ignoring the importance of subtext. However I don't think appealing to authority in your last sentence is that fair. lot of great films have been critically panned, some of which were then reassessed decades down the line
k997fli	It's not edgelord music, but when you think of a Smiths fan, you have an idea in your head, and it's not really that of this stone cold killer.
k997bmf	I don't remember the original text anymore :) and it's hard for me to guess what my mistake or expression, the online translator turned into a horror. Macskafogó - I remember watching. I remember I liked it The rest, on occasion. The problem of translation.
k9977ef	The first 20 minutes are the best part of of movie
k9971ky	US? You have multiple personalities?
k9970qd	Oh lord he’s a men’s rights guy 🤦‍♂️
k996ukp	Check the profile and don’t feed the troll. It’s a 10-day-old account spamming the same post to different subreddits, looking for attention. Just report it to the mods and move on.
k996sgd	“As if anyone gives a shit what these people think” Well first of all you do care. You scroll past 99 percent of things you see on Reddit without feeling the need to make a post about something you really don’t care about. I’m not a marvel fan either. But you really come across so far up your own ass calling people dweebs. “Widely agreed by every respected member of the industry to be objective garbage” This quote really shows you don’t know how Hollywood works, or what people in the industry respect. Is Ryan Coogler not respected in the industry?
k996hkv	'sup
k995qba	Tilda’s character is memorable to me. But overall I agree, i don’t think the rest will stick
k995lmt	People who don’t have empathy don’t have to constantly tell themselves to not empathize with others. That’s a problem that I have with the movie. Fassbender plays the character as too cold when the entire narration is dedicated to him trying to detach himself from what he’s doing. I thought it should have been played in a way where messing up on the shot and killing an “innocent” basically sent him to confront the different parts of himself and his philosophy. The driver who is just doing his job, the handler who keeps telling him there is no point in fighting what he’s doing, the violence of the guy in Florida, the professionalism of Tilda Swinton, and finally the businessman at the end. That’s even why he doesn’t kill the money guy at the end because it will just lead him back in. He wants the money to stay away from him and not be a temptation. Really this movie should have been about him becoming a human and escaping to love. It should have been filled with emotion. But instead it was just a cold and procedural like because that is Fincher’s style.
k994n01	I wouldn't say it made me reevaluate him but I do agree with your assessment of the film. It lacks any depth or context. Ultimately what sets this apart from any number of the many films about a professional hit man taking revenge against those who have hurt someone they love? Put simply, what even sets this apart from something like John Wick? Fincher is technically superb. Sound design, editing, the colour of the shots. Yes all there. But the film offered little in the way of depth. I see people reaching saying "he realised he's one if the many not the few etc". A final like maybe but there's nothing else that indicates that. Does he grow or change? Not really. It wasn't dull. It delivered at a decent pace. But I also think the dialogue was like something on a reddit post as well.
k991vbm	Definitely agree on that selection tho I've never seen the Zeffirelli.
k990ooj	I grew up with Ghost Dog getting played at least once a month by my brothers. He was a staple in my house. Additional small role in ensemble, Smoke. It is one of my favorite movies and his performance always gets me. Plus great stuff from Harvey Keitel and William Hurt
k98ycx0	It has got funny bits but suffers from serious genre confusion. I wanted it to be lampooning the character but honestly, he's a highly competent assassin and the movie spends a lot of time giving us conventional thriller entertainment like the fight with the brute. Of course it was poking fun at him frequently and that was when the movie was at its best by far, but he was right a lot of the time as well (e.g. Tilda Swinton's character was indeed pulling a knife). He wasn't a samurai manque in the real world, because this wasn't the real world but a thriller type reality. It seemed to me more as if movie-type killers were being mocked, but mocked from the perspective of someone who really likes them and doesn't want their bubble to be entirely burst. A bit of a halfway house.
k98y4n9	Working in a mood of tranquil exuberance, the 80-year-old John Huston made a great warm, funny movie out of the great story that James Joyce wrote at 25. Huston never before blended his actors so intuitively, so musically. The party that the Morkan sisters and their fortyish niece give in their Dublin town house on January 6, 1904, the Feast of the Epiphany, suggests the Chekhov production of your dreams, or maybe one of Satyajit Ray's triumphs.
k98xzw9	I've noticed that people grasp at subtlety as though it is some form of unheralded art. They'll point out the unsubtleness in a work (The Killer, being this primary example), but freely ignore the substance of subtlety within the work (in The Killer, the examination of id being at the forefront, among small details like the chorus of music chosen for his work playlist, reliance upon one particular handgun, etc.)
k98xqlm	Perhaps, but the rapid editing style reminiscent of MTV has consistently been a preferred approach for specific stories and directors. I am reminded of Oliver Stone's frenetic editing in the 90s, which transformed even a three-hour-long epic like "Nixon" into a visually challenging experience. This technique was even evident in Orson Welles' final and ultimately completed film, "The Other Side of the Wind."
k98xdb6	For sure, I enjoyed it okay but after my first watch I thought "that's it?". It sat with me though and I've found myself thinking about it more and more, especially the soundtrack stuck in my head. I know some of what we enjoy comes down to projection, so I don't at all begrudge anyone their empty feeling or associating it with Fincher's filmography. Though if someone wants to attribute their interpretation to his intention in order to fill in the meaning it wasn't meant to have, a part of me can't help but akshually their akshually.
k98x9hg	&gt;Where did I read misandry into the plot? Here: &gt;Men more specifically. One man assauled(...) Other man raped(...) Same man stood by(...)it's these selfish twisted men destroying lifes. This is all you. &amp;#x200B; &gt;Also what a hilarious thing to say about a movie where the plot revolves around a woman being brutally raped... Exactly. A woman is the victim. Men are the bad guys. &amp;#x200B; &gt;All this was to say I don't understand why you said this movie's plot "couldn't possibly be any more clear" Imagine the movie without the text. Why would you want to do that, when the text is actually there, spoonfeeding you the whole point of the moive? There's literally huge, flashing letters blocking out the whole screen, spelling out the message in its absolutely simplest form. And they don't say "Men destroys everything". They say "Time destroys everything". How could it possibly be made any clearer?
k98wb9o	\&gt;We learn at the beginning that Fassbender’s character has no empathy This was the problem I had with the film. If he were this uncaring character, &gt;!then he wouldn't have a girlfriend he loves. !&lt; And the fact that they use the final line of the film to &gt;!state he was actually "one of the many" is fucking ridiculous because we knew that twenty minutes into the film when the girl is revealed.!&lt;
k98vi37	Interesting and very good take, which I completely missed but it seems obvious now. Thank you. \_\_\_ Though to be fair the Smiths lyric quote is misleading as the line is actually not a statement but a confrontational question. The song actually goes "You shut your mouth. *How can you say, I go about things the wrong way?*" and of course follows up with "I am human and I need to be loved, just like everybody else does."
k98vgbi	At face value, maybe. But I think there is much more going on under the surface. It felt like a fun take on a Jason Bourne movie, and it felt like a satire of a Jason Bourne movie. (Kind of how Barry Lyndon feels like both a great example of a period piece and a parody of a period piece). Not to mention The Killer is a sendup of Fincher’s own perfectionist persona. He has his little OCD methods and rituals, yet he still screws up (kills the wrong target, thinks it takes 6 minutes to bleed out from a nail to the chest, or makes a box-office bomb). And then his handlers (or film producers) are furious.
k98v83r	I always go back to the awful Mattel boardroom scene and the awkward cut revealing America Ferrera’s eavesdropping. Like, Greta, I saw Little Women I know you’re better than this!
k98tfaf	As others have said, his rules, his talk of cold blooded analysis, of detachment, of a lack of empathy, are repeatedly broken and yet he continues to repeat them. He contradicts himself over and over again and it begins to sound like he's out of his depth, that's he's far from this robotic, blank slate, this hired killer with no emotion, but is actually a rather frightened, paranoid individual who has to constantly repeat his mantra in order to maintain some semblance of control. Of course, fleshing out his backstory and larger motivations might have given this idea some credibility - but we have to trust his stories of ruthless efficiency during past exploits as we never see any of it. Still, despite the self indulgent aspects, the plot holes, I really enjoyed the film. I thought it looked great, the pacing was fine, the performances engaging, and I was intrigued to see this man go about his business. Fassbender, a fine actor, did a good job and his scene with the lawyer, and the aftermath with Delores, and Tilda Swinton were both excellent. 8/10.
k98tay9	Just curious what you think has really good fight choreography. For me, The Raid: Redemption is just so amazing that it kind of ruins everything else. I think Ong Bak is pretty great and the first two Ip Man movies, early Jackie Chan is fun, but that’s about it for me these days.
k98smv5	Definitely agree that it's complex, and your overall point is a very good one — it does become a self-fulfilling prophecy. That said, I don't think marketing is the only thing turning something like Jungle Cruise into a hit, though, given that it's got solid audience response. Marketing can maybe get butts in seats opening weekend, but it can't make people like a film. I think the problem runs deeper — before the marketing, it comes down to what kinds of movies studios are willing to invest in, and they are basically "potential blockbusters."
k98sc16	All well and valid. I’m certainly not here to tell anyone how to interpret the film nor will I dissuade if anyone enjoyed it. It truly does feel like a straightforward endeavor from Fincher—which he has every right to do. Ultimately, I guess what I’m saying is that I found it rather bland. That’s all. His worst film is still miles above most folks but feels a bit like an outlier compared to his other works. Thank you for sharing the information though, it certainly clarifies some of the ambiguity I had with the film.
k98rxx4	I did watch it many times as a kid and it does hold a place in my heart forever. I practically know the entire script by heart.
k98rrzf	How many burner accounts do you have to post this again are you mentally ill???
k98rofs	I had the actual opposite response. I'm not a huge Fincher fan, but I really respected the tone of the filmmaking, how it balanced its action, story, humor and satire. I thought the idea of having a killer recite these sociopathic statements about taking every advantage and abandoning empathy was a hilarious way to satirize the way everyone compartmentalizes their complicity in this global capitalist system that dehumanizes the many for the comfort of the few. We see the mask start to slip when his partner is put at risk. The battle between our most basic human emotions and the dehumanizing system of capitalism are central to both The Killer and Ernest in Killers of the Flower Moon. I found it fascinating they both came out so close to each other and are so thematically in conversation. Added to this, there was clearly a lot of self-reflection on Fincher's part where he used the Killer to examine his role as filmmaker (standing around all day waiting to seize on a single moment) and the pressure of "missing," even just once. I think there's a lot under the surface of this movie. Not to mention, it simply works as some good fun.
k98r73k	That middle one lives or dies based on how interesting and well depicted the virtual world is. It could be really great or it could be really awful, I don't think you can judge it yet.
k98r736	The first song from the Smiths that plays in the film from the work playlist is "Well I Wonder." Jump to only 3 and a half minutes not the film to discover!
k98qwbm	Yeah, I get what you’re saying. I’ve been watching that movie multiple times a year since it came out on video in the late 80s. I have no idea why it’s so beloved. It really is terrible, but we love it. I think if you saw it as a kid without a lot to compare it to it holds a place in your heart forever.
k98qr2u	it’s the first 3h+ film where I was literally GLAD there was more left actually. We all have different sensibilities, if you didn’t like it that’s fine, but believe us when we say we genuinely liked the pacing.
k98qezk	How on God's green earth is Gone Girl a miss? It was hugely successful, critically adored, and an awards contender (with many people still chiming in to declare that Rosamund Pike was snubbed that year as the Oscar winner), and is often in conversation as one of his best or a viewer's favorite among his work and of the last decade.
k98qety	It's not intended to be a career analysis, and that take is going to be unsatisfying to anyone but pretentious wannabes who will then point this out unprompted for years to come when it's brought up ☝️ 🤓 ☝️ &gt;“But here’s the thing,” he says. “The question we asked ourselves going in was: Could you hitch a ride with a sociopath who may not have a lot of emotional bandwidth, make it an intensely subjective experience, but still give somebody something that’s compelling to watch, rather than repulsing them? And I think it’s an effective invocation of what we were trying to do by that criteria. I’ve done movies that have twists and turns, and maybe people are waiting for that stuff. Andy and I didn’t want to make a maze. We wanted to make an arrow: something that flies straight in one direction and hits a target. https://www.rollingstone.com/tv-movies/tv-movie-features/david-fincher-the-killer-interview-michael-fassbender-netflix-1234865655/
k98q5r9	I’m saying even by action/martial arts movie standards, it’s very badly done
k98q5ma	Definitely. There are references to corporations everywhere in the movie. I was surprised that he seemed to be making another movie about "the system".
k98prnh	You mean people don’t just stand there letting you repeatedly spin-kick them in the face in real life? Have you even been in a fight?
k98prbw	In my opinion The Killer is about as ‘footnote’ of a movie as it gets. No memorable characters. Nothing outside of what you expected from the genre. Nothing wrong with it - but nothing to write home about
k98plkt	As someone who loves boring movies The Killer was simultaneously not boring enough to be interesting and too exciting to be truly boring. The pacing of the action was slick and it was highly watchable but there was not any meat on the bone. I liked the score and the first scene but I would rather watch Le Samourai than a pale imitation.
k98p8t6	Yeah I think it's an interesting interpretation, but not Fincher's intent, although films are the product of a director's psyche and subconscious. I can see it easily becoming the association people will casually make about it for years, but really I take Fincher at his word that he just wanted to make a straight up vintage B-movie about an assassin: &gt;The Killer is really just a modern version of a vintage B movie. Mention this to Fincher and Walker, and both will agree that that’s exactly what they were going for. The director recalls going to Netflix before they began production and telling them, “I’m going to do it stripped-down. This is a Don Siegel movie. It’s a fucking Michael Winner movie. It’s Charley Varrick, Get Carter, The Mechanic. This is meant to be ballistic.” Even the rapid-fire credits sequence that opens the film was meant to evoke the tough-guy procedurals of yesteryear. “The style can be described as: a Quinn-Martin production,” he says, bursting into laughter. “It’s Mannix chic.” https://www.rollingstone.com/tv-movies/tv-movie-features/david-fincher-the-killer-interview-michael-fassbender-netflix-1234865655/
k98p0gq	Strongly agree. It also didn’t help that the other characters in the story weren’t interesting at all, and when they were on screen had one sided conversations with the silent Killer. On one hand I get the general idea that The Killer is an anti-social psychopath so I’m fine with him not speaking a lot - but then give us some other character we can enjoy or that contrasts in some way Also seemed like a lot of him breaking his own rules which he was constantly reciting in his head. Maybe that was explained in the source material but wasn’t in the film - unless I missed it?
k98or7r	Absolutely. I think it's really important what goes said and unsaid in his inner thoughts. His philosophy about life also seems to be all over the place and superficial. I like the thought that the Killer is kind of like a filmmaker, but I just don't get much out of that interpretation. Also I think Fincher would never make a movie about himself haha
k98om26	Yeah, I read the book and watched the movie recently, and then did some research into it and came across this thread.
k98o8kl	Ah gotcha
k98o7fh	I don't have anything in mind specifically around the time of Jungle Cruise, it was mostly just an easy target for the "semi-successful on an insanely big budget because they poured a fuckload into marketing (rather than anything special in the film itself)." I think the bigger thing I'm getting at is that it feels like these things can be, on some level, self-fulfilling prophecies. Now, I obviously don't think giving a 50m marketing budget to a Bela Tarr movie is going to make it a smash hit, but there seems to be some sense in saying that if studios invested in directors/risk takers like they used to, there's potential for interesting new developments in the media. A24's development from distributor to production company is a good example of this. Studios like to pretend that they're just responding to 'what the people want', without acknowledging those same studios helped shape that taste.
k98nymt	Yeah I was replying to your comment. I was agreeing with you, in contrast to what OP said.
k98nnf5	Wow a reply to a seven year old comment. Not sure it was mine you were replying to? It looks like I'd said it was random: &gt; But he is also arbitrary. He will kill indiscriminately, randomly. Anyone, just as a matter or consequence of chance. That's life. I think the nature of the randomness is the scene with the gas station owner. Death comes for us all
k98n341	I missed it in theatres sadly. I concur with what you say though. It did feel a bit like him making peace with himself - an older man looking back at an enfent terrible. It's almost as if the Tilda character shows him what his life could be like: enjoying things. The bear joke too. I'll be interested to see what he does next. It's another Netflix project and for some reason I think it's gonna be a bit of a left turn.
jpxgwp2	Wow. I don't agree. Pacino is fantastic in everything. If you go in expecting an action movie, you will be disappointed. The shootout was not the point. It was basically a soap opera for men, about how this cop and this criminal live oddly similar lives.
jpxaxh6	The Oscars' idea of great cinematography is stuff like Out of Africa, The Sound of Music, Braveheart, Lawrence of Arabia, Dances with Wolves, etc. That is to say wide open vistas of magnificent nature, epic battlefields, gorgeous stars, etc. This isn't necessarily bad, but it's a very narrow lense to look at the varieties of the form It's the same thing that happened with Point Blank, Shame, Night of the Hunter, Red Circle, Carrie and countless others. They just don't fit the type.
jpx9xcf	Studios are playing it safe and just rehashing stuff they previously did. I read an interesting piece of information the other day: if you exclude 2020, when studios were pulling all their big fare to put on hold, of all the top 10 movies since 2016, only two of them were completely original, i.e., not based on comic books, a remake, or something of the sort. But if you're starved for these kinds of movies, the 70s through the 90s were something of a golden age.
jpx9csz	Great analysis! I think you're absolutely right that for Nora, Hae Sung represents nostalgia for Korea and an urge to hold onto her roots more than he represents an actual love interest. Hae Sung's visit forces Nora to confront the fact that all the years she spent in America have slowly but irrevocably changed her in fundamental ways and is no longer the young girl she once was in Korea. (For Hae Sung, on the other hand, Nora is absolutely still a love interest, even though she also represents perhaps a longing to return to his youth.) I think the big takeaway I have from this movie is how the stories we tell ourselves, whether about our life story, childhood, culture, or love life, are such important parts of our identity and what gives us meaning. And sometimes the most magical stories are just too far from reality for us to accept, and they need to appreciated just as the "what if" stories that they are.
jpx4see	Glad there are more of us! I've started to wonder if I'm the only one who appreciates this movie as a masterpiece. I watch a lot of films, and I always come back to this as my favourite. I just watched it again, and there's always more subtle details I pick up on. The acting, the mood, the dense plot, the music. Everything is as good as it gets! I'm sad to se Thomas Alfredson held back after The Snowman which had problems with funding, so filming had to be severly cut short. You should see Alfredson's "Låt den rätta komma inn" too. Same grounded and methodic approach to a vampire movie.
jpx4fwa	Very much on point here. I think Nietzsche wants us to confront a sort of nihilistic quality of culture and the story we're telling ourselves ONLY long enough for us to register this as an underlying reality. The confrontation with nothingness in life is necessary in so much as it causes us to re-evaluate all values and make us reach for something beyond ourselves, values of our own creation, what those are... is up to each individual. As to OP's comments relating to the Eternal recurrence of the same, I'm not sure it's so much of an acceptance of the unrelenting repetition of all moments in life and to succumb to their inevitability but rather that we ought to embrace both pain and suffering in the EXACT same way we embrace happiness and joy. This is the path of the "overman" and not one any of us can realistically take... but it is the ideal. If we consider the fact that painful boring moments are eternal, why overcome them, why shy away from them? Embracing the lowest low and the highest high is the only way we can reach beyond ourselves as human beings in a way. Turin Horse certainly deals with some very Nietzchean themes but if we're trying to understand Nietzsche through this film, it's certainly not focused on a number of his most important projects.
jpx32vj	There's one in theatres right now, No Hard Feelings. Bottoms is coming out soon too.I just thought of Shiva Baby and Do Revenge, too. People just aren't going to the theatres to see those kind of films anymore. Its all migrating to streaming either as movies or TV shows.
jpx2aaz	A very dialogue heavy movie in a sort of unpleasant way. I still liked it, though.
jpx1b24	All of Chris Nolan's movies suffer from the "Basil Exposition" syndrome.
jpx16d1	&gt;But the same cinematographer got nominated that same year for One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. You could think of the award being for both films. Indeed, a very good film
jpx0zgt	&gt;An Oscar nomination is not necessarily some "official" determination of what's great or not. No doubt, there are many more examples. &gt; You should look at the other four nominees that year in addition to Barry Lyndon. Very impressive films, indeed
jpwxzau	So did you enjoy it?
jpwxnyk	&gt;Because it was a horror movie, and that genre is almost always neglected by the Oscars. Yeah, but OPs point is well-taken because the Academy did nominate Jaws for the other major categories... It obviousy didn't win, but it was nominated!
jpwxkor	Hmmm. I mean, its not the prettiest looking movie I've ever seen, and while I'm not saying the purpose of good cinematography is to be pretty, surely that ups your chances at getting a nomination for your pains!
jpwwfxd	&gt;I just watched JAWS for the first time, great film, great story and action loved it. But there was one thing I loved more about this film, the cinematography. I was amazed by it. Yet, how was this not nominated for the Cinematography section at the Oscars. Of course, with Barry Lindon as another nominee JAWS had no chance but it was still a great competitor. Because it was a horror movie, and that genre is almost always neglected by the Oscars. But the same cinematographer got nominated that same year for One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. You could think of the award being for both films.
jpwvwca	An Oscar nomination is not necessarily some "official" determination of what's great or not. Secondly, there's only room for 5 nominees. You should look at the other four nominees that year in addition to Barry Lyndon. They likely will have had some pretty impressive cinematography. Interestingly enough Bill Butler was nominated that year for another film "One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest."
jpwvtor	I admit that I have a bit of a knee jerk tendency in my personality to go against the grain. It's definitely a character flaw. You're definitely right that the notion of the film bro should include wanting to be edgy for edginesses sake. Many teenagers have that desire to be iconoclastic whether it's conscious or not. I'm far from a teen but still have this issue, I must admit. I thought the "suffering for one's art" thing could have made more sense or been a better devil's advocate argument if jazz was really embraced as music. If Teller's character had a true love for the art, then suffering would have been at least arguable. Suffering in order to aggrandize oneself solely is stupid, lol. Suffering in order to play a jazz standard someone else made, but play it really, really fast is stupid.
jpwtybn	I do think Miles matured through the film in an internal way: He matured through discovering he didn't really want what he though he wanted (at least 3 times) and at the same time having a new appreciation for both what he's capable of and is free will and the love of his family. We do need the closure from BTS, but while his process is ongoing (like Paul's in Dune and Luke's in ESB) we do see his change from the beginning of the movie to the end.
jpwq2zm	I agree that ESB is better structured. I would argue that ATS while does build the confrontation with Spot, that is akin to the buildup of the Emperor. The antagonist for ATS is Miguel and that, I think, is one of the strongest points of the film, and even for those who don't agree, at least I hope I can express a valid point to consider: Usually in superhero movies it is pretty common to have proactive villains and reactionary heroes. Villains want to change the world, which makes them compelling and interesting, and heroes end up trying to keep the status quo. Classic example is Batman (let's go for Nolan trilogy, but Burton's film work as well, as do even Schumacher's): bad guy wants to do something different and is tired/fed up/bored/angry at the current state of affairs. Then comes capitalist Batman to solve problems by punching people and keep things as they are. Same with big bad evils like Thanos, Mysterio, Whiplash, Loki, etc. Sure, a lot of de-construction has happened around these topics for decades, but this formula is still pretty common for (not exclusive to) superhero films. Problem is that because they're villains, they are mostly written up badly: At best they execute their plan in evil ways (Joker), or at worst in really stupid ways (Thanos ffs). Because audiences should understand they're bad and shouldn't root for them, right? But this one switched that around (like Ironman did in the first one and I think it's a big strength of it even if, villain was smart and dumb at the same time): Miles is the one that wants to change stuff up. He is fed-up. He is tired of how things are and when big reveals happen he doesn't care. Miguel, the antagonist is the one keeping the status quo: He wants to keep things as they are and he wants to do so for also seemingly noble reasons. I don't know the plot of the comic so I only have ITS and ATS to go by. I do agree there's a lack of closure at the end, but I also think the plot of this one was not only setup for BTS and it did this things right.
jpwnvs0	Yea, it's such a good movie to add to the canon. And thanks for the correction. For whatever reason, I thought a love triangle was A loves B loves C loves A. But I stand corrected.
jpwmhdm	Damn, typed too fast. Fixed.
jpwkjk7	I know everyone's entitled to their opinion, but I honestly can't understand how anyone could find Kidman being the better actor in that movie, especially in the scene you mentioned. Like, what ...Glad your comment has more support than his :D
jpwji03	I see your point and hadn't considered it that way. They reasons I liked it the way it was built was for the naked desire: Miles misses his friends from movie 1. He wants to be with them and Gwen. He feels like he doesn't belong anywhere and then the girls she wants comes back and tells him there's this small spider group she's in. So he gets closer to getting what he wants, but it's still denied to him so these: &gt; Miles is interfering with the canon, Miles is not meant to be Spider-Man for me are part of one big reveal: going from one of life's tragedies into the other (as Wilde defined them). His crisis at the middle point of the movie, kind of middle of second act, is going from not having what he wants to having it. And there lies the tragedy, he now has to confront his desire as a pure ting without fulfillness (because it cannot be fulfilled, nothing fills the incompleteness). So he is now confronted with a reality check of thins not being what he thought which makes him appreciate what he was dismissing even more: his family, not the spiderfamily, but his parents. And that is why IMHO (and for me) the final reveal about the dimension hits so hard: again he want something, belonging. He thinks it might be worth giving it a chance revealing his identity. No more lies to his parents, as he didn't like being lied to by Gwen and Peter B. He's different. He, once again, masks his desire with something achievable and when he finally gathers up the courage to talk to his mom, the reality hits him again. And the bittersweetness of it all is coated with hugging his uncle again. The one that died because of him. One more chance with him that is, literally taken away, by himself (other Miles). So thrice he wants something. Thrice he gets it. And each time it's taken away by either others, circumstances, or himself. So while I think you have a point in how you experienced it, I think the spreading out actually worked for the repetition and reinforcement of the theme: desiring, obtaining and realizing that's still unsatisfying.
jpwimwq	Brian by Jeremy Cooper is a novel that follows a few decades in the life of a man who, after a nagging desire to see a Clint Eastwood film, joins BFI Southbank and comes to use cinema as his only vice in a life of relative solitude and deliberate routine.
jpwejk7	I’ve seen this countless times. It is an absolute high water mark of animation. The style of animation reminds me of Redline, Super Jail, and also somewhat of FLCL. Dead Leaves reminds me mostly of Superjail just not quite as goofy.
jpwbvrv	Can’t fault your feelings if you thought the middle lulled, but I don’t understand how your suggestion could work structurally. We need them to have romance as adults for the final act to be remotely effective. Hae Sung has to represent a more meaningful connection than “childhood crush.” The long distance “relationship” and subsequent fizzle was fundamental to the themes: that they were so close to working out, but circumstance made it *just* impractical enough that they stayed apart. Maybe in the next life. I also happened to find it very poignant and relatable, but that’s not a question of thematic bones.
jpwahk5	Two people each loving the same third person certainly makes a love triangle, just google around for how the phrase is commonly used. I totally agree that the lack of details on Nora and Arthur’s relationship is not a weakness, though. It’s *essentially* a tale about Nora and Hae Sung in which Arthur is crucially involved, not an even three hander. The pillow talk scene between Nora and Arthur is more than enough to establish them as a couple for me. As well as the hilarious scene the next morning where he asks her questions about him, such as “When does he leave, again?” On the topic, the film really took a step up for me when everything was laid out on the table in their marriage. It’s not a worn out tale about an affair, and of course it’s not some pure romance that ignores the third party. Not that anything is fundamentally wrong with those ideas, I love everything from *Brief Encounter* to *Before Sunset*. But I thought this was a really beautiful addition to and variation on the canon of lovesick films.
jpw5qwm	Booksmart is the best of the bunch in recent years
jpvz1u5	One of my favorite aspects as first generation immigrant kid is that it's also a fantastic parallel for how it can feel to look at your parent's country. Choosing between her American husband and her Korean admirer almost feels like a choice between the culture themselves. Hae Sung is almost the perfect Korean man. He represents these virtues of Korean culture, quiet masculinity, obvious intelligence and ambition, and being physically fit. The idea of visiting Korea is so strongly tied to Hae Sung throughout the story that it feels very much on purpose to me to make this parallel. He represents more than just their young love, he represents her going back to the her Korean roots. Arthur isn't very traditionally masculine. He's pretty soft and artsy. Almost the opposite of Hae Sung. He's not chiseled or perfect or anything. But Nora knows him, she fits him like a glove, and they are an ideal couple emotionally. That's how I feel about my parent's home country and the US. Even with how perfect Guatemala can feel when I visit and how much I can criticize the US, America is still the home I love. Just like near the end of the film, maybe in a past life I was someone who was perfectly in love with that other country and knew it as well as I do the US now. But that's not this life. Great post OP, and thanks for the space to talk about the movie!
jpvyeky	Agreed. And while we're here, I thought conversations at the bar in the end were perfect. The movie did a great job of never stepping on or ruining what it has already laid out.
jpvwuwn	Very glad to see this mentioned here. This is a special movie for all of the reasons you describe — it’s just this kind of magical one-off thing that couldn’t have been longer, couldn’t have been shorter, couldn’t have been live action, etc etc. I saw it in my youth and loved it, then rewatched it again recently and was shocked to find how brilliant it is. Style over substance, trashy, hyperkinetic, unapologetic fun. Just pure amoral fun. A lot of movies try for this tone and very few manage it this well.
jpvw8l9	Pacino took it past eccentric to “14 year old with too much caffeine during the holidays.” I am willing to forgive some of the pacing and weird sexual/gender role decisions as a symptom of the times, but the acting felt B movie, and not in a good way.
jpvuyrr	Daniel Rossen and his previous band Grizzly Bear are absolute treasures.
jpvtht6	Thanks for your thoughts. I think you're right that Arthur is not actually a tragic figure. He only feels like a tragic figure over the course of the movie because it focuses on Hae Sung's visit, and it is understandably difficult for Arthur to process Hae Sung's unique connection with Nora. But ultimately Nora is fully committed to Arthur. That doesn't mean Hae Sung is a tragic figure either - as Nora says, Hae Sung knows that he can always cherish the memories of the girl he knew and the possibilities there were at the time, even if now those possibilities are no longer a practical reality.
jpvsalw	Agreed! The music stood out as a highlight and I immediately listened to the soundtrack again last night on my way home from the theater.
jpvqe33	Yeah, about 90% of the time when there's a runtime discrepancy, this is the reason. The pitch is usually slightly off on these releases too, since it needs to keep time with the faster speed.
jpvq9ci	I don’t care that this is ten years old. The thread is here and so I will offer my two cents: Lynch famously never explains his pictures. Partly because he doesn’t want to ruin the mystery and partly because I think he genuinely doesn’t know what they’re about himself. He fishes his ideas as you would fish a fish a fish. It usually starts with a mood or a feeling or a scenario and he just goes from there. In terms of ambience/mood I think he hits the nail on the head with Eraserhead, Lost Highway, Mulholland Drive and Inland Empire. With these films there is a sense of something going on that makes sense yet in a world which makes absolutely no sense whatsoever if that makes sense…!!! Wild At Heart looks amazing and under closer inspection almost makes sense if understood that it is made by a filmmaker who I think is having his own private chuckle at the audience’s expense. Never saw Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks or Dune all the way through. Elephant Man can still choke me up today. Straight Story was ok but not a film I’d rush to watch again. What Did Jack Do? Was like a dad joke which even went over my head. The only good thing about it was it’s length. I think he was onto something here. So yeah, I don’t think it’s just you. Box office takings tell their own story and whilst I don’t expect Lynch films to be pulling in a billion dollars, it’s kind of telling that they consistently underperform. ‘Out there’ ideas are all well and good but an audience do expect them to make sense on some level otherwise what are we talking about here? Two hour Rorschach tests? What Lynch films do make are excellent background pieces if you’re having a party or you just want some non-intrusive images going on. Fellini and Antonioni also make some excellent background films.
jpvq0f1	This is crazy
