ls09s56	Thank goodness somebody said this about the word "reactionary" lol. I see this word used all over social media especially Reddit when people actually mean reactive.
ls09ezn	The movie is a love letter to the Showa film industry, summarised in the life of a fictional actress. I think the “sennen” part of the title is closer to the idea of a milieu than an actual 1000 years. As for Chiyoko, towards the end it’s implied she’s always known that the man was dead, but she kept the fantasy alive beyond what was reasonable to keep herself moving through a tough career and unhappy marriage. I kind of pity her husband, to be honest.
ls05caw	I know how cheap this sounds, but I think the movie is a dream. While the multitude of continuity errors in The Shining seemed to me at least to just be effects of the set burning down or legitimate mistakes, Kubrick was never *that* worried about continuity, stuff like different characters knowing what each other did at the party without ever seeing each other, is just a super surface level detail that points to it being a dream. I could write a few paragraphs about this, but I won’t, at least not right now. Also who really cares what I think.
ls043am	No, I think you're exactly right. The romantic ideals have been replaced with more hedonistic pursuits, whether that be money, sex, or materialism.
ls02k2l	David Lynch’s Dune did in one movie to what Denis barely could bring to the screen in 2 movies. As far as the Dune book goes anyway. I’m sorry, I’m still salty about finally seeing an attempt at what a Dune film could be and see it entirely wasted.
ls025cb	And, to own film tech patents
ls00mby	You obviously have never served. By the way the south lost the 1st civil war the last time you guys started a war.
lrzyb22	It's a movie that is ladened with problems, but I can't help but feel that the "discourse" (If you can't even call it that) has almost nothing to do with those problems or the actual contents of the movie. They're not critiques, they're more so complaints rooted in the audience's pre-existing, and tight, expectations. In the end, this movie continues to prove that modern audiences are totally allergic to being challenged in any conceivable way. They're eager to dismiss anything that's on screen as soon as it surpasses their imagination. It's a trend that's been rolling for years.
lrzy8ug	I feel this is not really a fair reading of the discourse surrounding the sequel granted I have not watched nor do I ever intend to watch it but the biggest thing I've seen is people saying it insults the audience for liking the first movie that's not a comment on not being enough action its fundamental problems with the way the story went which might be unment expectations but if people feel insulted it goes beyond just unmet expectations imo
lrzv89w	Excellent observation. These are definitely signs of their paternal impulse.
lrzuooo	Maybe, or maybe that’s just how you see it. Ultimately I think if the actor’s performance aligns with the vision of the director it does not matter at all how they got that performance. Marlon Brando’s reading off cue cards taped to crew members and Daniel Day Lewis is slopping around in the mud preparing for his role as a farmer. The goal of the performer is the end result.
lrzt0wi	At his best (and the Monica Vitti B&amp;W trilogy is, for my money, some of the best of all time), Antonioni is focused on delivering a scathing critique of the Italian bourgeoisie and the “modernity” of the 20th century Western world that allowed such a class to exist. For me, those movies are about the impossibility of love in “modern” times, when the meaning of self/society/other/even words like love had been displaced and replaced in one swift motion - so as not to be noticed - with a hollow façade concerned more with the image, the material, or the appearance rather than what lies behind it. I think these films serve to call that out and interrogate it, and what I love most about them is they never posit solutions (only hopelessness lol). Anyways, it’s late and I am tired and starting to get hyperbolic so I’m sorry, but I love Antonioni and could talk about his films for hours. So much to dig into
lrzt0sz	Well that’s also what I was saying is how do we know the scene we saw in the film was him being sprayed? Could he not have just asked to be sprayed to get that experience which he can then take to the performance?
lrzsp03	If anything directors get far too much intellectual credit. If you haven’t written the script or story, unless you’re truly inspired in visual choices and style - what’s so special artistically about being a director? It’s glorified secretarial work when everything is already laid out for you to do story wise.
lrzrw8o	To be fair, if you’ve never been pepper sprayed, it probably gives your performance of being fake pepper sprayed a bit more reality to get pepper sprayed. We’re taking these stories so far out of context we can imagine any crazy scenario. It’s just as likely Strong was going with the above as opposed to being pepper sprayed on camera, but also like who cares how the actors get their performance as long as the end product is as intended? Smacks of a bit of classism to say “oh good actors don’t do method” when in reality the average person doesn’t give a shit and will happily say Daniel Day Lewis is as good as any stage performer they’ve seen.
lrzpybs	Why can't it be both, the elites just want to have weird orgies together but there also is more going on behind the scenes then that. Why does it have to be one or the other?
lrzmeh7	I’m an actor. I was talking about perception mainly. The question was why people don’t take actors seriously compared to directors etc That’s one reason. They perceive actors jobs as easy and low skilled compared to directors et al.
lrzjnfv	For your own sake, don't give weight to the average online comment section. Online criticism via social media comments needs to be considered less, or not at all. In regards to media - historically and today - actors easily receive the most coverage out of anyone related to the film industry. Actors are certainly not starving for the space to discuss their craft. Perhaps you're also too young to know a show called Inside the Actor's Studio, which couldn't have done more to celebrate the craft of acting and the actors who practice it. It was on air for two decades, and it was very popular. Spend some time around artists. Spend time around filmmakers. Spend time around theatre folk. There is no shortage of people celebrating acting. Ask an actor about a role, and they'll talk your ear off about it.
lrzhvg1	Joe the fbi guy was bernstein's source, not woodward
lrzf92t	Actors are seen as less intellectual. I don’t think it’s entirely unearned. Just from a skills set standpoint what does an actor need training wise. The fact that a person can be grabbed off the street to say lines and it seems easy is a big part of it. Try grabbing random person and have them write, direct, produce, or crew a film.
lrza7q7	You don’t get staggeringly low box office numbers from a bunch of people seeing a movie and hating it. You get staggeringly low box office numbers from a bunch of people not seeing a movie. The overwhelming majority of moviegoers, based on sales, are simply indifferent to Joker 2 because they never saw it. The negative opinions you’re reacting to are actually a minority. Most moviegoers don’t hate Joker 2, they don’t love it, the widespread opinion you should be asking about is the indifference to seeing it in the first place.
lrz7lw7	Please you don't understand the time that film was made in and how that accounts for his behavior. It's a simple gross out it's not sexual sub context. To state that's he a sex predator just speaks to the over sexualized time you live in of CSI and every CSA and sex crime glorification content you can find.. it's such a pervasive idea today it's even in politics. It's not like like wes the man who actually created the character could be guilty of leaving something like that out. He is it's originator. To write something like that in is cheap and easy it takes no skill to gross someone out and get there adrenalin up. But it didn't even work it just make sit lame and gross.
lbf3ip9	The movie made sense, then it didn't and by the end of the film, it made all the sense in the world. I knew something was up because you would see people walking side by side dressed the same, weird transitions/camera angles, things that wouldn't make any sense, mere coincidences, and more. I've seen many people talk about how disappointing the movie was because everything was just a dream but I feel as if the movie was more than that. It made me empathize with him even though the whole thing wasn't real. If his death happened first in the movie then it wouldn't have made me feel the same way it did when it was the last part of the movie. It makes me sad that he died but if he lived that's how his life would've been, not the same, like maybe not the planned suicide but I mean how depressed and unstable he was.
lbf2zxa	Two recent ones: The Rider (Chloé Zhao), a lyrical and humane take of a somewhat less-exposed side of modern America; and Utama (Alejandro Loayza), a love story in the face of oblivion, set in the majestic landscapes of the Bolivian plateau.
lbf2f3a	Phenomenal writer. Chinatown is about as perfect a film as you can ask for. I wish *Tequila Sunrise* and *8 Million Ways to Die* were better films though. Two great ideas but poor execution.
lbf0slm	It's an interesting film, I think it has a good mix of what Tarantino does best and a lot of his worst habits. At it's best, you get scenes like _German three_ scene, the intro, and rewriting history to kill Hitler in the climax. At its worst, you get major pacing issues, and Mike Myers in old man prosthetics. I really like the film but I wish it was about 20 minutes shorter. An issue I don't have with his earlier long films like Pulp Fiction and Jackie Brown. My other issue which doesn't exist in the vacuum but does exist in the wider context of Tarantino is that I feel like from Kill Bill, QT went full on zany with his films, with IB being perhaps the goofiest of the bunch. I don't mind so much with IB but I think this really hurt Django Unchained. Fortunately he toned that down with Hateful Eight and Hollywood, but I think that approach only really popped with Kill Bill because it was so fresh
lbezh49	I’m tearing up reading this. I think you’re right. And, since Kyoko wasn’t programmed to have a language, a voice or to be a problem solving robot, she may have needed someone like Ava to help her. I think she was programmed to have feelings, empathy, a sexuality and definitely a mind… just not all the tools required to escape on her own. Where would she go, the forest?
lbez90b	I’m tearing up reading this. I think you’re right. And, since Kyoko wasn’t programmed to have a language, a voice or to be a problem solving robot, she may have needed someone like Ava to help her.
lbex338	&gt;The second act begins with the crash cut of the bone tumbling through the air to the similarly-shaped spaceship (another tool manifested out of advanced man’s developing intelligence). I think that's not quite right. I think act one is the Dawn of Man AND the so-called "Floyd" section. The second act is the titular Odyssey to Jupiter The third act is a little more oblique here, but the stargate sequences up to the end should probably constitute it. It was not unheard of for Roadshow-type films in the 1960s to have an abnormally-long first act: Look at Lawrence of Arabia - the first act of the first part of the film doesn't begin until Lawrence and company take towards Aqaba, which is almost half the length of the film's first part. A different but nevertheless pertinent example: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly doesn't finish its first act until the characters take off to find the gold, a LONG time into the film indeed!
lbevwf1	Surrealism contrasts with realism. It’s often described as dreamlike because generally people can relate to having weird dreams where specific elements seem jarring or unnatural to reality. I don’t watch Charlie Kaufman movies and go “yeah I’ve dreamt of this” but there’s a sense of stylistic confusion that doesn’t necessarily halt the narrative so it doesn’t need to be taken literally. It’s usually addressing subtext in the film.
lbeua3s	River’s Edge from 1986 needs to be part of the conversation. A lot of Gen X themes are explored, kids who band together (our little group has always been and always will) but who also have no empathy or emotional connection to what is going on (I feel the pain of everyone, then I feel nothing). I remember reading a review years ago where it said this was a film about a bunch of kids from a town like the one that Kurt Cobain grew up in and it was one of the first films to suggest that something was wrong with America’s kids.
lbetm28	Also, 2046 is symbolic of the final year that Hong Kong has freedom as a democracy before they have to come back under China's control. So I think 2046 also represents the concept of 'borrowed time', something that Mr Chow touches upon with Bai Ling — how he sees the relationships in his life as people borrowing/loaning each other their time. In the finale of the film and the entire informal trilogy, Mr Chow tells Bai Ling what the one thing is that he will never lend to someone/a woman. And that thing is most likely time. The same concept that started this whole trilogy too - the "one minute friends" scene between Leslie Cheung and Maggie Cheung at the beginning of Days of Being Wild.
lbetddc	The Holy Mountain
lbet1dw	I wrote a long answer to this but fell asleep just before hitting send and the reddit mobile app doesn't save drafts... so I'll try again: "2046" is my all time favourite film! I'll need to rewatch to touch up on the finer plot points and threads. I can't fully remember the white haired android and what she symbolised, but another important thing you seem to have missed, is that Faye Wong's android in the 2046 sci-fi story isn't just supposed to mirror Jing-wen and Mr Chow's unrequited love for her. It is also heavily influenced/inspired by Mr Chow's unrequited love for Maggie Cheung's character (Mrs Chan) from ITMFL (and after just rewatching, Mr Chow outright states this via narration when he's talking about writing the sequel, 2047). Hence the title of the film, as Maggie stayed in room no. 2046 in ITMFL, so Mr Chow has flings with the women who temporarily stay at room no. 2046 in this new hotel. But due to his longing feelings for Mrs Chan, he's unable to commit fully to these new love interests as he keeps trying to recreate or project the idealised romance with Mrs Chan he clings onto in his memories. This is also the realisation he has with Gong Li's character. He thinks she can't be with him yet due to unresolved feelings from her past, but later in the film he realises she couldn't be with him because of HIS unresolved feelings from the past for Mrs Chan. This is why he wonders (as Tak in the 2046 story), if the android really did have delayed responses, or, if her silence was actually her form of an answer. And the only thing left for him to do is accept it and move on. EDIT: I've just rewatched most of the film, and I think the white-haired android (which I'm pretty sure is the same blue-haired android played by Carina Lau, maybe the lighting makes the hair appear different) is meant to symbolise all the future women that Mr Chow tries to project his unrequited feelings for Mrs Chan onto, hoping to find an answer to whether she wanted him back. He didn't get an answer from Mrs Chan, just like Tak didn't get an answer from the Faye Wong android. This has left them heartbroken, lovelorn, unable to gain closure and move on, constantly stuck in past memories and only left with regret and the torment of wondering whether she reciprocates any of his feelings, or if she never felt the same way and simply moved on.
lbeo6xx	He was preceded in death by his sister -- no -- his daughter! His sister! His daughter! &gt; What are your thoughts on Towne and his legacy? The Last Detail and Chinatown are amazing films. Those creative forces he aligned with were the epitome of cool, edgy, smart filmmaking with stories that continue to resonate 50 years later. I wonder where P.H. Vazak's Oscar is now?
lben9so	try Vivarium
lben9dl	Yeah I think so too! But for me I’m coming here after watching Kinds of Kindness
lbemh3p	Inglorious Bastards...cult classic? The 2009 movie by one of the most famous directors in the world, starring one of the top 2 or 3 most famous actors in the world, which at that point was QT's most successful box office release (by far) - making over $320M worldwide, released on over 3,000 North American screens on opening weekend? Nominated for 8 Academy Awards, pretty much all the big ones, too, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Best Cinematography, Best Editing, and Best Supporting Actor (which Waltz won - he swept pretty much every single Supporting Actor award that year)? Cult classic? Excuse the snark, but if you're just getting into movies and writing about them, that's awesome, but calling Inglorious Basterds a cult classic in your title line is not ***the best*** way to get people to read a massive wall of text.
lbek2nh	This movie is genuinely horrendous. Got a couple laughs out of me, so I guess it was worth seeing in that respect. Horrendous editing and cinematography, cardboard cutout characters, (marisa tomei) and the most laughably melodramatic plot on earth. it's a shame that this is what lumet went out on
lbeiqw5	Robert Towne was just one of those screenwriters you knew did solid work, no matter the film. While I don't believe he had a distinctive style from the films he wrote, he had a real grounded sense of character that shone through all his work. A lot of films are unmemorable because the characters aren't well defined, Towne's were defined by the little moments he knew exactly how to write. Everything from Mission Impossible to Chinatown to even Days of Thunder or Marathon Man, Towne just knew how to make a killer character scene that an audience would remember.
lbei9r7	I find it kind of crazy that the studios never thought about archiving or backups. Like, did they just think the film would last forever stored the way it was or did they know it probably wouldn’t last but didn’t care? I guess I just find it weird that they didn’t have another copy of the films in another vault somewhere
lbegy0o	Some say he did just fine
lbed7mx	*Un Chien Andalou* 1928 *Meshes of the Afternoon* 1943 *The Mirror* 1975 *Eraserhead* 1977 *Brazil* 1985 *Perfect Blue* 1997
lbecoq4	I thought the ring was going to be the thing that got him caught with finger prints and all but why would the run fingerprints on a missing ring ugh
lbeck4q	I just randomly stumbled upon this movie this evening and yes I agree Scarlett jo is magnificent in this and this really is a veer of a different type of justice…. He truly will never feel true happiness in his life after what he did And the bit of an Easter egg in their first dinner in the movie when Chris and Nola and family talk about luck at the table ….. well it does end unlucky for them
lbec070	*Andalou* is absolutely dream-like. It is constantly shifting places and people in ways that are like dreams, has horrific imagery, and doesn't make sense narratively. I can't even think of a film that's more dreamlike. Might just be my dreams.
lbeb9z4	Cool, thanks.
lbeb8hy	That's interesting, I would wonder if the film has any references to addiction.
lbeac83	I just did a Crash/Titane double feature and though I believe Titane is an objectively better movie, Crash left the biggest impression of me and I’m still thinking about it. The story is wholly original and I was gripped throughout. I was a big fan of Koteas’ character as well as Hunter’s (I’m a sucker for a bad bitch in a trench coat and bob) and just the chemistry between everyone in general. Loved the soundtrack and the cinematography too, and was overall enthralled with the tension of how far people are willing to go to just feel something, anything. It’s the push/pull of human emotion in an increasingly emotionless society. I do wish it went a bit further with the body horror/grotesque sex elements though. I wanted to be disgusted! This was my first Cronenberg watch and I’m excited for more.
lbe66y5	I would have loved a film where it's just a son and his court-appointed guardian during a weekend away from his mother who is on trial.
lbe4hgk	Lolol this is spot on. God he really hated her...or women like her...or all women. And the main court person just let him talk and talk! Yet when Sandra's lawyer talked, the woman was like "Settle down!" and "Get to the point!"
lbe49ba	Mullholland Drive is a surreal movie.
lbdxbm1	what dumbass talks like that lmao I need to get off reddit.
lbdwrvl	If you want dreamlike movies then Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is pretty good. A lot of Kaufman movies are pretty abstract while still being mainstream. Like Synecdoche, New York or Being John Malcovich
lbdtx8f	Thank you bro that was so helpful🙏 Any good surreal movie suggestions ?
lbdtwdg	Your comment deserves more likes.
lbdtk67	It was a toss up between that and the one I went with, lol
lbdtben	Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette See the breaking glass In the underpass See the breaking glass In the underpass Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Hear the crushing steel Feel the steering wheel Hear the crushing steel Feel the steering wheel Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm leatherette melts On your burning flesh You can see your reflection In the luminescent dash Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette A tear of petrol is in your eye The hand brake penetrates your thigh Quick lets make love before you die Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Join the car crash set
lbdt6pm	The New World, without question.
lbdt43q	This film really took a toll on me and wondering why ANYONE would make a film and call it art or make it into something that is disturbingly disgusting. My first time and only time I ever watched this was when my “friend” introduced me to this, and gladly they are not my friend anymore. But this film really made me disgusted and want to cry, and feel so much empathy for things that can happen. NEVER again will I ever watch this and if anyone says otherwise, then I wouldn’t want to even be around the person and not even be around my future kids especially.
lbdsg01	One of my favorite films. Don't have much to add to the great comments already posted. Having visited Toronto for the first recently, I thought Cronenberg captured the feeling of the city's burbs quite well (sterile, sprawling yet with pockets of closeness / density)
lbdqjmk	For me the film makes more sense as being a dark comedy about addicts. They have all the same reactions as drug addicts, except in this case the drug is a ridiculous fetish that is almost impossible to have, and in that way it's like the perfect encapsulation of that slave to addiction, these people are literally smashing themselves up in cars to get the high.
lbdmzyw	I was thinking mainly of Slow Death / Slow Death Funnies (1970-'79), but Hydrogen Bomb and Biochemical Warfare Funnies (1970) and Corporate Crime (1977) might be worth checking out too. You can read online copies of Slow Death here: [https://readcomiconline.li/Comic/Slow-Death-Funnies](https://readcomiconline.li/Comic/Slow-Death-Funnies) (first issues) and here: [https://readcomiconline.li/Comic/Slow-Death](https://readcomiconline.li/Comic/Slow-Death) Not sure if the other ones I mentioned are accessible online, but if you don't wanna use that site and interested in the other ones, I have digitised copies I can probably get to you...
lbdlk2t	I think it’s all part of Ben’s sick game. But from a narrative standpoint it’s also done to try to sow doubt in the mind of the audience. Another thing I notice when watching that scene is that it’s almost as if Ben is embracing Jong Su when he is stabbed, I took it that Ben was almost glad that Jong Su figured it out. I could be projecting though.
lbdk57b	&gt;His death at the end was meaningless, he’s just another dog tag. The people he killed died for nothing, he died for nothing IIRC he died seconds after saving some little child soldier. seems like "something" to me.
lbdjovj	The entire artistic movement of surrealism (both in film and other arts/media) is based on the idea of expressing the unconscious mind. And since dreams are the most widely understood way that people experience and are aware of the unconscious mind, it is fair to say that surrealism implies a dream-like quality. You could also apply other adjectives to surrealism like illogical, fantastical, uncanny, absurd, etc. But dream-like is still probably is the most apt description of it.
lbdiw8g	*The Last Detail* is a fantastic movie.
lbdiif2	Wait, what rape?
lbdh2gb	I agree with you which was why I found it disappointing. I was hoping for deep reflections on life and truth and instead I got a tornado of fights across universes.
lbdfn0u	This is absolutely not what it’s about. Or at least, that’s the third least important aspect. Read anything about the novel it’s based on.
lbdd8b8	Can we please keep this about Rampart?
lbdcuof	Sorry I’m late to the party, after watching this movie, I picked up on cues of Max &amp; Deborah’s future relations when Noodles and Deborah are sat having their final dinner together at that reserved hall. She goes on to say “to the top”about how she feels that Noodles will hold her back on her career, she wants to go on to bigger and better things and leave for Hollywood. Implying her big ambitions (Max is also ambitious in the movie with his motive to do a heist on the federal reserve later on). To which Noodles replies “Now you sound just like Maxie, you’s both alike, that’s why you both hate each other so much”.
lbdchgf	A movie way ahead of its time based on a book way ahead of its time. To me it perfectly foreshadowed/mirrored the rise of ubiquitous free internet pornography. The world is sterile and uncanny. Sex is married with violence. Humanity is confronted with hyperstimulus and the response is rote, compulsive and deeply unsatisfying.
lbdamgh	I don't remember him using the word great a lot. His wife Michelle did. Maybe you meant her. I do remember vividly him murdering Americans. How about you?
lbd94py	I recently watched The Last Detail for the first time, had somehow slipped under my radar. One of the best roles Nicholson ever had, which is saying something. Towne's commentary track on Chinatown with David Fincher is also a good listen. It's not particularly in-depth on insight into the film, but still interesting for any cinephile. Mainly because Fincher is usually a very sardonic character, but in Towne's presence and watching a film he sounds like a wide-eyed kid talking about his favourite toy.
lbd7g3s	Where would I find them? Sounds neat.
lbd7ch1	Ballard did not anticipate Julia Ducournau lol
lbd7bxr	I don't understand anyone, no matter tgeir race, wanting to hide history. I think the film depicted it's true error no matter how it makes people feel, even today. All of that is beside the point. None of us can change History. History needs to be left in tact. There was many sides in this time period just like there is today and at any other time in History. It was a way of life. It involved everybody in some way or another. It effected everyone in some way or other. Just because you don't like it isn't a reason to do away with the movie. If you personally don't want to watch it, then, don't. None of us will ever change the past. Slavery still existed no matter what we do to try and erase it. Another thing is there was much more involved in that war than slavery. The North did do horrendous things to southerners and because it was their home, they suffered in huge ways that the North did not.. I truly believe the Government politicized that war and used it as they often do for their political gains and purposes. Why else was slavery allowed til then ??? That war began over cottonregardless of what people say or believe. They took the cotton war and took the opportunity to free slaves making it a political thing but al least slaves were freed. Still took yrs for slaves to truly prosper in society as a whole. Slavery should never have been but it was, no matter how bad it was but you can believe the country slaves came from was at fault, too. They sold their own people. It doesn't justify anything but, we can't change the past. Still, truth needs to be told and not just from the side of slavery either. Movies like Gone with the wind are of historical value, not necessarily all factual, but nevertheless, they were historical and tell us how things were back then. You know, there's such a thing as forgiveness and that means moving on without harboring grudges or retaliation, as hard as it might be. None of us were a part of that time period and I think I can accurately say that most of us are sorry for the sufferings of slavery. We need to put our differences behind us and move on together in love !
lbd7bun	it's a story about queer people. so much of queer culture is entangled with kink and i find that crash is a film about finding a community that understands you whole without full context. all of these characters are chasing pleasure, they're looking for twisted metal and scarred skin and sodomizing. one of the sexiest films of all time, and i get so much out of it. i think elias koteas and james spader are so sexy in it too
lbd73ij	The Naked Island by Kaneto Shindo (1960) for sure. Completely free of dialogue: just one family of four eking out an existence on a terraced island which they farm using water carried from elsewhere.
lbd68is	He did not hone in his expository tendencies at all, the only film of his he managed to do that was dunkirk The Dark Knight also is full of characters spelling out their motivations and ideas instead of actions Facepalmed so hard when Emily Blunt tells Oppie something like "you think punishing yourself by getting roasted in this court will wash away your sins?" or some shit like that
lbd5hec	Kelly Reinhardt movies (like First Cow), Nomadland, The Taste of Things, Jeff Nichols movies (but in a sadder way) like Take Shelter or Midnight Special. Maybe Guadagnino too? And I wonder if The Green Knight falls into this
lbd2oti	Yes! That was exactly what I was looking for, thank you! My father couldn't believe this came from Ben, because it sounded like he still expected Hae-Mi to be alive
lbd2d1e	It's a fantastic film that is really ahead of the times and likely wouldn't get made today (as we're living in a more puritanical era in spite of the technological progress made). The car is such a central, determinating figure to 20th century society and (in the US anyway) is directly responsible for altering (ruining) how people interact with each other so making it the main focus in the text to comment on people seeking connection is brilliant. The sex in the film is by and large sterile (lacking the real messiness of real intercourse), ambiguous (are they enjoying it), and used in place of words (which is positive or negative, depending on your POV). The two themes result in something uncomfortable and brilliant yet inconclusive in what it wants to say. From a technical perspective, the film is flawless and contains some of the best work by all involved. Where the film misses IMHO is in capturing the droll and sometimes ironic tone of Ballard, an author whose work is serious but not without irony and levity (Cronenberg Crash is perhaps too serious). I think the film makes a great companion to the director's Shivers, another film about sex and death that is different from Crash in almost every way.
lbd1846	Fascinating. So his double? You mean Root—the double from earlier in the film when Angier was performing his original transported man? But didn't Root betray Angier though—didn't he already help Borden sabotage Angier and thus, was responsible for Angier's leg getting badly damaged in the trapdoor fall? Wasn't Root already trying to blackmail Angier? Why would Angier use him again? And if Angier did use Root, did Angier also kill him already? Is he the one in the tank? Then who are all the other ninety-nine bodies in the tanks—the ones whose bodies and silhouettes we see floating in the end? This theory seems needless complex—how would any of it had worked?
lbcwhom	well! everyone’s entitled to their opinion i guess ❤️ and that’s yours!
lbcvzqu	Yeah it's targeted quite specifically to go into mental health, because that's where I'm coming from. Helping people understand what they missed from that angle. What are the strongest arguments against it in your view?
lbcvz8m	There's a bunch of underground comix from the 60s and 70s that are explicitly anti-car, with strong environmentalist, anti-capitalist messages. Just thought you might be into checking them out if you aren't aware of them.
lbcvz0l	speak for yourself!
lbcvg5t	This is such a reddit-brained ignorant comment. Pretty sure Cronenberg and J. G. Ballard were aware of Fordism, like most of the world's population, excluding you... Even Phil Ochs wrote 'My Kingdom for a Car' (the personal automobile has always been understood to symbolise contemporary capitalism, the american dream and 'freedom', and related concepts). The profound ignorance and this silly view formed from ignorance in this comment is staggering.
lbcuiwt	Mubi
lbcuasp	Kurosawa adapted the film from the short story "In a Grove" by Ryūnosuke Akutagawa about a murder recounted from 7 different perspectives. It was written well before WWII in 1922.
lbcuasd	Definitely not *sexy* fucking!
lbcu9sc	But you can't actually see her face, just her chin and some of her mouth. And DNA wasn't a thing back then.
lbcu5y7	Car crash, the pressing of two lips Hard steel and an accidental death One action does you up Kiss of steel Press your face to the metal crash Feel your nose and cheek bones crack What action does you up Kiss of steel We sleep in a Rolls of love The waiting ecstacy We wait upon your speed Kiss of steel We're having a love affair with a Chevy in midair Kiss of steel Let the mouth taste the silver spread Let it ride and the rubber screech One shot will do them up Kiss of steel
lbcs6fy	*Videodrome* is quite clear in that regard, I highly suggest it.
ku32vu6	I think you hit the nail on the head with the fact that there seems to be too much going on. But, but I think the reason that happens is because there is no bow tied to the end. I don't really know what this movie is trying to say, and it seems they didn't either (with the multiple endings trope). If I took anything away, it's that black writers and creators should just tell their own stories, and sell out? Which I don't particularly love, granted, I'm not black so I can't attest to whether that's a valuable message. And I think a lot of your criticism and mine stems from the adaptation of the book. I think it's incredibly hard to take a book and distill it into a movie, and it's incredibly hard to cut the family part, because I'm certain that's some of the most powerful parts of the book. So, he's trying to squeeze 300 pages of narrative into 120 pages of visual media. I had a great time with the comedy, and I really related to Monk, but I was disappointed by the end. Which I wasn't expecting. I do hope it wins an Oscar, for the irony of it though.
ku32gaq	Judging by a lot of the comments [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/boxoffice/s/ycPQOF81CP) I'd say yes
ku32bfy	&gt;16-20 episodes at the production level defined by the film. And would have cost insane amounts lol
ku328dx	&gt; I've only watched it once so far, and I'm by no means an expert on anything film. However, my one issue i had straight on leaving the cinema was that it should have been two films. It just felt a little bit like flat out drink water of life, emperor turns up, win the fight, duel, end. That seems to happen quicker than Paul learns to ride a sandworm: I felt the same way after the movie, I was like ... they tried to fit too much into one movie there, not enough development ... it probably would have been better with 2 movies instead. It's a little like the last season of GoG and Daenerys' character, the whole thing feels extremely out of place, and out of pace, and it seems like most fans hated the directors for it.
