ku31veo	It's not even an uncommon opinion.
ku31tb7	One of our top ten, really. My wife is native, so that may be part. However, we love the performances. Wes Studi, Eric Schweig. Russell Means (I was lucky enough to see him speak once). I have a lot of appreciation for Michael Mann for his work on this film.
ku31t7h	Huh, I don't remember their suits changing. I'll have to look for that next time. &gt;Hadn't they evolved to wear the original stillsuits for efficient water regulation/consumption? That's not really how evolution works. They knew how to use them extremely efficiently, but they didn't evolve to the suits. Unless I missed a detail.
ku31fnc	Agreed. For what the movie has to do in under 3 hours, I was pretty impressed with what it accomplished. A lot of talks about the pacing are giving me the same feelings of people who complained the LOTR movies didn't have Tom Bombadill or the Scouring. Movies have to make sacrifices.
ku31290	It’s feminist/fragile male ego to suggest that relationships are complex? Lol.
ku30q00	And the Ughyrs and to some extent Ukraine too. I mean, even in everyday situations, the idea that people (who normally see themselves as good or well intentioned) are complicit in evil too. Whether it is bullying, racism, child abuse, domestic abuse, neglect, murder….to some extent we are all complicit to these things, whether we are aware of it or not.
ku30mjy	I mean, we do see them as capable in the movies by how they win their fights.
ku30giu	Did people really want a half hour final battle sequence? That would have been awful.
ku305cq	&gt; The pacing of this movie is genuinely one of the best accomplishments. It is soooo hard to do a film with this amount of content and relationship building Most of the relationships feels super shallow though ...
ku2zygq	&gt;Like the casting of Tracee Ellis Ross and Sterling K. Brown really put a damper on the serious topic because they’re known for being in comedy movies. I get the movie is a satire but they really overboard with the satire point to where the satire is watered down. That’s not what satire is supposed to be. Both of them can do drama. How many Emmys did Sterling get nominated for making people cry on This Is Us again? The script just doesn't give them the opportunity to really breathe and showcase their skills. I'm glad Sterling got the Oscar nom but it definitely feels like a makeup nomination for when he was egregiously snubbed for Waves. There's a way to do dramedy. This film doesn't commit to either tone so for me the intended powerful moments fall flat a bit.
ku2ztg7	is it bullshit? i’ve never read the books and it always seemed to be ambiguous in the film, and actually i thought the film was suggesting that he actually is the guy who was prophesied to be coming. not that that necessarily makes him THE MESSIAH, but just that all the things they said would happen actually did happen through him.
ku2zi1g	I am saying a lot of dudes on the internet get more riled up at _some_ people whether they deserve it or not
ku2z5v7	The "I will always love you" from the main character really falls quite flat : - the love relationship build up is really not enough, it feels like ... "heh" - the young Harkkonen story also ends as quick as its started, you can feel that they were trying to hype the character, make it something strong/powerful/impressive .... but it's just gone, simply gone. - the Baron death (and life in the movie) is utterly disappointing, the might of the character, the pressure was gone in the blink of an eye as he becomes entirely powerless when his machine gets broken (and someone nobody saw that one coming ??) and then he is pretty much a **slug** - The emperor brought his whole army with him !!! ohhh that much be str.... oops, it's already all gone, just GONE. So yeah, the pace feels really weird because the second part of the movie feels really rushed, it feels like the director tried to fit as many bits as possible and there was enough time spent developing the whole thing. The most disappointing of all really was the Baron to me honestly.
ku2ygnm	You are absolutely right. Just watched Napoleon, and felt the same way. I'm no expert, but I have been watching films for a very long time. I think it's pacing, and above all, script writing. Good writing is difficult to find. Rewatch the Godfather and notice how good the pacing is. Scenes are not rushed. And now, when you think about AI writing scripts this will become even more pronounced. You can't program AI to understand the intricacies of human interaction.
ku2xw8k	I totally agree with you, and I'm a little disappointed in myself for being "activated" last night. I was kinda drunk. I'm happy that there are no typos or expletives though.
ku2xtfm	I recently watched this for the first time and felt the same way. I suppose the subject matter and the way it was treated could have been unique at the time it came out. I found the film pretty unremarkable
ku2xlom	I had all the same questions, but I feel like the movie very deliberately doesn’t answer them, I think it’s a stylistic choice honestly. Personally I love it, it just makes me want to watch again or read more about the lore
ku2wsn1	I’m not familiar with this or the controversy—I really should refrain from comment. But here goes anyway. I’ve growing numb to this kind of engagement baiting generally. Every news org and media property, whether amateur or professional, knows what they’re doing. Doesn’t need to be entertained or taken seriously. Feeding minor, contained controversy—“activating fandoms” or whatever the ugly language is—it’s just a game they play with audiences. Audiences like playing it back, I guess it counts as entertainment. But not to be taken seriously.
ku2wd39	I agree with you about the Big Pic hosts, especially Sean. He seems like a smart guy who can have intelligent thoughts on and discussions about film, but also get super stoked on the TMNT movie. His best work though is undoubtedly JMO
ku2v0zl	Whew, thought maybe it was just me on Zendaya. She is not good at romance and affection.
ku2tnx2	It definitely has issues with character depth, but it’s still in my personal top 100. It’s uniquely gorgeous and it has great flow; the woods shots are of impeccable clarity even when shot in relative darkness; the score is haunting and the story never fails to give me feelings.
ku2ry7c	I will echo many comments but having recently read through the first 2 books in anticipation of this movie, it matches the book. Frank Herbert only wrote out the hand to hand fights he found important and yadda yadda'd the other stuff, and most of the book is describing stuff or people's thoughts and talking (more of what became game of thrones than Star Wars). Once Paul actually takes the water of life, the war of the desert is swiftly over in one fell swoop in both book and movie, he and the full power of the Fremen were that overwhelming. Also in the form that DV makes movies, there would be no way to explain what Paul and Jessica experience from the water of life without them explaining it out loud to someone since that's all exposition and inner thoughts in the book.
ku2rqx5	The movie didn't really try to show him as anything but a perfect hero. It didn't try to show the experience he was going through. Barely any premonitions are shown and they're so vague. A few dozen people dying from drought and famine. The amount of stuff that you have to explain about what's happening in the scenes to someone who hasn't read the books is staggering. The worm riding test was supposed to show Paul experiencing the rising crescendo of premonition taking away his sense of self and free will, the act of self determination he makes when he throws the thumper into the ground is lost because the movie doesn't try to show you all the timelines that he sees.
ku2re61	What exactly are you saying?
ku2r70y	You didn't see the film as "living in the moment" when he spends his lunch looking up photographing trees, and the few lines he does speak are to his niece, "next time is next time", "Now is now". You used the word "juxtaposition" but you clearly missed the obvious comparison between his appreciation of living trees and Tokyo's Skytree Tower (one of the tallest in the world) that dominates the landscape in multiple shots. And he NEVER takes a picture of it. Yes, his life is bittersweet. Whose life isn't? You will never avoid regret. He clearly has regrets, but he perseveres. And it speaks more about you that you see him as a "pathetic wretch" which is part of the challenge of this film to the viewer. What / who is truly valuable? The scene with the man dying of cancer is key.
ku2q8cw	Reading this comment I can tell you're a fucking racist? What a stupid fucking statement. Funny how that works out?
ku2ph4l	We actually watched this a few weeks ago and I agree completely with you. Something about it felt dated and despite the great score and some flashes of brilliance I don't think it's one I'd rewatch again or rate as highly as I once did. The script is a lot weaker than I remembered.
ku2pcxg	This is what happens when you have a hundred different podcasts trying to carve out a niche in the cinema community. Not enough guests of good calibre to go around. See also the recent episode of Maximum Film where Ever Mainard was invited on to talk about *Drive-Away Dolls* and admitted early in the discussion they hadn't even actually watched the movie.
ku2p8i7	Is OP Hiriyama's sister? Please lay off him. The man is doing the best he can, and he's content with the simple life he's built. I hope you can patch things up with him, but maybe do a bit of soul searching first. &gt;!Also, my condolences for your father's health!&lt;. May you find peace.
ku2nqfu	Very fair points, I definitely think they skimmed through a lot of the fedaykin and sietch stuff and while I sort of agreed with why they did it the problem like you mentioned was there was almost no sense of time lapsed. Would really loved to have seen this be a really tight tv show instead of a movie. That being said, I'm still really happy with what they made even though it's far from perfect.
ku2np4a	I don't know who they're talking about or what podcast this is, but just from the post and OP's comments, I guessed the person was probably from a minority group. Funny how that works out?
ku2n0dm	&gt; Doesn't know who Michel Legrand is. who the fuck cares man
ku2mjs2	Yeah compare them to say, James Cameron, who makes visually impressive, but for me anyway the emotionally vacuous and uninteresting Avatar movies
ku2mja2	People who are not you
ku2kqat	I think what you’re getting at is actually part of the movie’s strength. It’s not a modern story of complex and conflicted protagonists finding their way through a morally grey world, but unabashedly an epic romance and a story of heroes and villains. In that sense, archetypal characters serve the story best, giving everything this heightened and certain feel, where the stakes and the world and the people are clearly defined. Kinda like old stories of knights and princesses and dragons.
ku2jokw	We can refer to the canonical lynch film for that
ku2ilml	My first "how do you mean" was just seeking to confirm their point. It wasn't immediately clear which way they meant that
ku2ho2o	I see what u did there...
ku2hfv0	As someone who hasnt reed the book I kind of feel like that added to the scene tho? That he doesnt need to be able to fight any of them he just needed to convince them that was the case?
ku2gx7u	He’s not saying they’re beyond critique, I think the point is that he’s criticizing this critic’s weirdly lackadaisical attitude.
ku2gsh8	Its weird because I did feel like the climax went by to quickly. (Except for the duel there wasnt a single moment where I felt anything even approaching tension.) But I also find the color palette of the majority of these movies to be so fucking boring that I just kind of wanted to leave in the middle of the big battle.
ku2fcr2	I guess i was talking around the questions. I think mimi was interested in nigel so oscar go to procure him. **i think mimi rejects nigel** because she think oscar likes nigel so she decides to do something opposite of what oscar wants even though that is what she initially wanted. **ii think fiona and mimi suddenly having lesbian sex** is because mimi shifted gears on oscar as mentioned in the previous paragrap. Fiona was starved for attention. She has been married to nigel and maybe because they are british, conceded to a passionless relationship. As opposed to mimi and oscar where their passions have burned so hot, they have burned out their relationship several times. I think fiona feels jealous of the attention that nigel is giving mimi and thinks that should be hers but nigel thinks he knows fiona and she wants to prove him wrong. i t**i think that oscar shoots mimi** is presented as an impromptu event. the plan for both oscar and mimi to seduce nigel gets changed at the last minute and the reflection that oscar has about their doomed relationship leads him to believe their is no where else to go. More importantly, it is dramatic efficient for the story. Oscar and mimi unleash something inside nigel and fiona and leave them alone to pick up the pieces.
ku2f5ey	I enjoyed Yesterday. It was released during a time before the whole alternate universe thing got stale. I like that he became famous because I really pulled for that character. Your scenario would have been a depression fest. Of course I’ve seen Requiem for a Dream, Schindler’s List, and Oldboy… but by doing a sort of A Star is Born with a guy in that universe, it’s charming. Kids can watch it too. I miss films like this. Kids with their parents deserve to both be able to go to cinema together and not be tortured with superhero or over the top cartoon. I liked the plot of Yesterday.
ku2djgb	He's on coke or something. He's very intuitive, he reports on the vibe coarsing through him when he was watching the movie or his memory of what he thought other people were thinking. But his most annoying thing is deleting a paragraph of speech with I Don't Know as if to acknowledge that whatever bullshit he just babbled doesnt count against the Pulitzer if he says I Don't Know. Bill is stuck in 2010 being enamoured of Wesley Morris
ku2czuv	Which was their point
ku2ciq6	Great take on the movie. I can finally sleep. I feel like I wish i could make every other person who posted in this thread read your post so they would know the true meaning, lol. Thanks for taking the time to write all that out.
ku2b5in	IF WE AREN'T MEANT TO COMPARE IT TO THE BOOKS (sic) THEY SHOULD'VE CALLED IT "TheChrisLambert's revised and objectively correct story which leans heavily on Herbert's Dune but changes the story completely for people who don't read much"
ku2aqyk	Idk if this is just my take, but I think it was beautifully shot, amazing set pieces, fantastic CGI, etc. But, the characters felt so flat and undeveloped. We never se Paul do anything, just the results. He blows up the spice depot, but we see nothing of how he's connected to that. He "has a crack team" that takes down the spice harvester, but that was 70% mines doing their thing. He's never developed beyond being a kid who just happened to be born in the right place at the right time. He never earns anything in the movie. He "just happens" to get the giant worm, he "just happens" to have the big storm, he "just happens" to run into an old friend, his old friend "just happens" to know where his family "just happened" to put all these nukes. The two closest things I can think of him facing any real challenge are when he is sent on the desert walk and when he takes the worm piss. The first one just ends up being a romance scene, completely forgoing the opportunity of having him face his past choices and dealing with some internal demonss bc it's just Zendaya doing the walk for him. Same with the piss, he just took this poison that kills men, but Zendaya and his mom go and fix it for him. Plus, the only reason he could even take the piss is because his mom arranged it for him. He's supposed to be this badass leader by the end, but at best, he's an angsty teen who doesn't want all this power that is literally just given to him. His mother isn't much better, as she just perfectly aces the cultural transition and rise to power with literally zero struggle? The consistency was also severely lacking. In the first movie, the emperor and sadukar are these super-powerful beings. It's a big deal the emperor got involved, and he ran this whole secret shadow operation to kill an ancient house. Yet, the instant they face Paul, they melt. They literally fly their dragon flies into the sandstorm ("as the prophecy foretold" ig.) I know the Fremen are supposed to be these amazing warriors, but my understanding was that it was in a guerilla warfare way. Yet, the first time they go up against the empire in what is essentially an open battle, something that should be perfect for the empire, they have zero losses. (ik you technically see a dragonfly shoot what I assume are Fremen, and some background ones get killed, but no significant losses esp compared to the built up significance of the empire. But when you literally have the emperor's personal guard walk into a sandcloud before Paul the spoilt just walks out, it makes the emperor feel pathetic.) Even when you have the Fremen, you go from Dune 1, a dude challenges him immediately bc he doesn't like him. They fight, Jamis dies, you respect the Fremen. Now, Paul the Spoilt just walks in front of them, calls them all bitches who couldn't take him, and not. a. single. one. actually challenges him? In Dune 1, Paul had to kill a man to protect himself and his mother. In Dune 2, he calls the entire Fremen war council weak and then they follow him into battle. I've also seen a bunch of comments saying that it "just needed another 20 minutes", "I'd love to see a 4 hour cut", "needed more time to give moments impact", etc. I disagree. I think that the movie struggled to do more than one thing at a time, and often, would backtrack plot points while it focused on one. When they raid the first Harkonnen spice miner, you see the Fremen "crack team" getting mowed down by the dragon fly. Then, it's Zendaya and Paul taking it down. Most movies/shows would have it be a scene where they simultaneously show Paul's competence as a leader/warrior, his chemistry with Zendaya, and his participation with fighting the Harrkonnen. But instead, we get a scene where he barely interacts with Zendaya beyond having to "help load" a rocket launcher that looks as difficult as inserting your favorite pokemon game into your DS. He feels incompetent bc they struggle so much with a single dragon fly (THAT IS LITERALLY JUST HOLDING STILL FOR THEM). plus he's not even able to competently protect Zendaya from the two guys he ran out to fight. So in short, you have a 5 minute scene that: \-moves the plot forward (Paul is leading raids against Harrkonen spice miners) \-moves the romance back. (Paul and Z's relationship isn't developed at all beyond being coworkers) \-moves Pauls development back (he isn't shown to have any outstanding leadership or competence, unless you count the weak implication that he planned it offscreen??) \-moves Pauls combat skill back (he struggles with two foot soldiers) Similar scene is the arena scene. \-moves the plot forward and introduces complicated relationship between the two Harrkonen dudes. \-moves the twinks development back (he has to drug and starve prisoners to win) \-moves the twinks development back (he struggles against the one prisoner that wasn't poisoned, but still looks starved.) The Sietch Siege scene. \-moves plot forward, Fremen are losing, forces Paul South \-builds up Twinks rep as a problem solver and competent threat \-moves Harrkonens competence backwards (blowing the fuck up out of the enemies base is "genius"?, doesn't follow up the bombardment with any infantry? You know, that strategy literally developed in WW1) \-moves Fremen competence back (literally defenseless against a big floating artillery piece that has to go back and reload.) \-misses a chance to move Paul's development forward by showing him lead a defense or evacuation during the attack The movie feels so rushed not bc it was too much content in too little time, but bc it has so many scenes like this that only move one aspect forward while often backtracking several others. Early seasons of Game of Thrones were masterclass at simultaneously developing the plot and characters at the same time. It never felt rushed bc scenes were never just about doing one thing at a time (did also have more time bc TV series, but also had A LOT more characters/plot to develop). Just think of the scene where Tyrion learns of the Red Wedding. You get plot details about who organized it, you see the power dynamic between Cersei, Joffrey, Tywin, and Tyrion, and you see how each character reacts to the news (particularly how Tyrion's is v different). These are all aspects that are moved forward at the same time, without backtracking any of the previous scenes. Dune 2 has a few scenes that do this, such as Paul picking his Fremen names. \-Plot moves forward bc you see Paul being accepted by the Fremen \-see some character dev from Paul in the name he chooses, and in Stilgar with how he defends it/see their relationship developing. \-Kind of develops Paul/Zendaya romance All in all, the movie looks amazing. It just lacks a strong glue to keep the scenes together. It feels like walking through an art gallery where the artist is walking with you the whole time and holding up the art piece. Each art piece looks amazing and incredible, but as soon as you look back at the rest of the gallery, it's a bunch of pieces that have haphazardly fallen and damaged each other. The last battle in particular is a spectacle, but it's sooo damaged by previous set piece scenes. What should be an epic battle is just an anti-climactic CGI fest bc it doesn't feel earned, it doesn't feel challenging, and nothing is at risk. (Seriously, most movies have at least one scene in the battle where things are going wrong and you start to think they might lose.) IDk, this came out a lot longer than I expected. I haven't read the books, I've only seen Dune 2 once, and it's p late. Shout-out to the dragonfly pilots that just yeeted themselves into the sandstorm tho.
ku2amiy	Glad I'm not alone on it. Was bored out my mind lol
ku2alwd	This. Helms Deep had me on the edge of my seat because I truly cared about the outcome and the wellbeing of the good guys. In Dune 2 I honestly couldnt care less about the “good guys” surviving. Had zero emotional connection with the main characters
ku2ab0w	&gt; In other tangents, his main criticism of "Anatomy of a Fall" was that no one else could have killed the husband (ummm, how about the husband?). If you took that film to be an actual murder mystery then the point of the film flew right over your head.
ku2a6x1	personnaly, the dread of it all, the layer beneath the sensory overload that made the experience a symbolic driven catharsis, was how much these themes were relying on both family and tribal structures, and how the narrative translate to what the experience of cinema fundamentaly is - this stemming from what a visual narrative experience entails and how we relate to stories. all of this is very well articulated in the movie, in the pacing of the scenes and the overall structures. maybe it's not overly complex in its formulation of those themes but there is a lot it can give to chew on. you just have to go and lake the analogies between different visual elements. it demands you to interpret the dreams, if one could say so. look in the pond and ponder.
ku29z06	The movie is called Dune, Mr. Movie man. Why is that I wonder? The only point of comparison is the source text which, again, you have clearly not read. Stop calling people stupid and go get some exercise. It's an "objective" truth that it's good for humans, literate or not.
ku29jpg	Which they failed in imo. It felt like he was there one afternoon in the desert with Chani just messing around.
ku29a24	Oh wow I didn’t think about this but you may be right re: being a bit unwell.
ku299cg	The way I think of it is that it’s basically the Family Guy episode where Brian wrote a self help book that he hated but also put no effort into and people ate it up. Then he got wrapped up in the world that he claimed to hate and let it go to his head. Not only that but when he was challenged on national tv he folded and admitted that he thought the book was crap. I throughly enjoyed the film and I quite understand your criticisms. From the perspective of myself, a black man who throughout a lot of my life I was told that I talk proper and that I was talking “white” I resonated with the message that the film was trying to put out. I related to it and that’s part of the reason I liked it so much. But on the same token I get it’s a comedy movie but I feel like for the serious nature of the movie they could’ve tried harder than what they did to showcase how serious this topic was. Like the casting of Tracee Ellis Ross and Sterling K. Brown really put a damper on the serious topic because they’re known for being in comedy movies. I get the movie is a satire but they really overboard with the satire point to where the satire is watered down. That’s not what satire is supposed to be. And finally the ending was a bit disappointing to me. It felt disjointed and rushed. Bro just started treating his gf horribly out of nowhere and it could’ve had a more solid non satirical fourth wall breaking ending.
ku294le	I 100% agree that in some spots it felt like a Nolan movie. The all over the place editing and erratic moving throughout the plot with seemingly only one goal, moving on to the next big set piece
ku28j4z	If anything is objective here it's the meaning of words we use to comment on our subjective realities. So when you say "LITERARY analysis of a FILM (based entirely on a book)" you don't know shit about shit.
ku2887x	&gt; I didn't even realize this was a point of contention with anyone. Right? I can't tell if it's lack of attention towards the film or towards life.
ku283o0	But, like, what are people reading to think Dune is a challenging book? I know that guy TheChrisLambert reads a lot of movie reviews so that his interpretation is always "objectively" right.
ku27j41	I commented earlier in this thread but I just watched L’Argent yesterday and I feel that it represents this list perfectly. A French film by a legendary director and it also happened to be the last film of that director. Before this movie I had never watched his work and this movie made me curious about the rest of his work so I will give the rest of his work a shot even though I personally didn’t enjoy L’Argent *that* much. But the premise of the movie is that this guy gets done dirty by getting fake money planted on him which ends up getting him fired from his job and everything. This leads to him getting involved in crime and eventually murder. It’s such an interesting premise and shows just how evil people can be and what that can lead to. Unfortunately the movie doesn’t do a really good job of it with its short run time and sort of dull performances by the actors but it’s still a relatively good movie and perfect for this thread
ku27evk	To me it felt like they were supposed to make a trilogy, and then decided to just finish up the story and maybe do a third messiah movie somewhere down the line Having part 2 be about his time with the Fremens, gaining their trust, winning territory, and then ending it with getting pushed back to the South would have made more sense imo. Then Part 3 is about the storyline in the south, becoming the chosen one, and the final battle
ku271as	I said the exact same thing about Nightcrawler. I thought it was sort of an out of the box pick for this topic but I’m glad to see someone else has gotten on the train with me. I think the most important and interesting thing about the film is just how evil he gets and his potential to get more evil in the future. And at the end he’s training other people and saying that he’s not gonna make them do anything that he wouldn’t do. Which means his disciples are gonna be much more evil than him in the future as well. Yes I wanted to say I agree with you but this sub has a character limit do so I had to add some stuff on top of that
ku26ti3	But a lot of the editing choices in the movie have nothing to do with how hard to adapt the book is. Like having the start of his desert journey where he is aided by Chani basically be completely skipped over to jarringly cut into the assault on the harvester, was just odd imo
ku26i7j	They were. This was new to them.
ku23lkg	I kinda liked the 4th matrix, it wasn’t as groundbreaking as the first 2, but then what it right???? The commentary was a bit on the nose at times but I like what it did and for those who are younger or maybe had questions about aspects of the first 3 films what they were doing and what they were meant to be I feel like they filled it in nicely
ku22nn0	I think the end didn't feel like a climax because the whole rest of the movie just feels too rushed. Paul needed the 3 years to bond with the Fremen and become a full tribal member. There isn't enough time to flesh out any of the other characters either. Feyd, Gurney, the Baron, the Emperor, they all seem too superficial. I've said it over and over, but I think it could only be done properly with 2 or 3 seasons of a big-budget TV show. In the book Paul and Chani have a child which is killed in an attack. That adds a lot of emotional weight and that is what is mainly missing for me.
ku22n12	Absolutely ludicrous opinion.
ku22m21	Im getting the impression you think Im someone Im not but Ill happily answer. Personally, I think shame is an extremely powerful tool both for society and individuals. Short of physical force it is probably one our most powerful social tools. It is a way for the larger society to police itself and that kind of power will inevitably be used for the wrong reasons. It's easy to shoehorn shame into being nothing but negative until you look around you one day and really see what the world looks like without it (you ever been in the vicinity of a trump rally?). It's a powerful, powerful tool that needs to be used wisely.
ku22m02	In the books pretty much everyone from house Atreides dislikes and mistrusts Jessica, suspecting she is a spy. She is seen (not without reason) as the member of a secretive, manipulative power broker group that has seduced the Duke for god knows what agenda. Gurney in the books is possibly the least to care about her. Thufir straight up thinks she is a traitor and holds this true for long after the assault on Arrakeen. Duncan has a pretty awesome scene right at the start where he meets her in a corridor and drunkenly start to yell at her that she's a traitor and a whore. Also worth noting, in the book the first part of the story is strongly centered on the fact that the Atreides KNOW they are being set up by getting a claim to Arrakis and they KNOW they must have a traitor in their ranks. There is a very widespread sense of paranoia where everyone suspects Jessica, and Jessica suspects everyone else (but mostly Thufir). The Atreides get blindsided partly because while expecting a trap, they don't expect the Emperor to actively take part by disguising Sardaukar among the Harkonnen (which is why all witnesses must die). And partly because they had no idea the Baron had done something so crazy expensive and "illegal" as paying off the Trade Guild to transport an entire invasion force for him in secret. And of course it doesn't help that they can't figure out the real traitor.
ku2281s	Finally I managed to read the book before watching the movie, and I 100% agree. I understand not wanting to focus on a theme that the "adaptor" doesn't feel as his own, but it would have been okay to just set it in Glasgow and leave it all as it is. Trying to forget the book for a second, I still feel like the movie is thematically weak. It's supposed to be a movie about Bella discovering herself and the world, and trying to find a place in it, but then what about her witnessing the ugliness of the world? She gives away the money to the poor children (and fails to do so) and that's it? If we ignore the discovery of the world and only focus on her discovering herself it still feels simplistic and half-baked: she explores her sexuality and a series of guys and a woman tell her it's bad, but she does it either way. I mean, it's nice, I agree with the message, but it isn't interesting to watch, and here I can't try to forget the book anymore. In the novel the feminist theme is much more flashed out and layered. Godwin initially plans to marry her, making the male fantasy of a beautiful woman who worships her husband like a god come true. Wedderburn never really forces Bella to do anything (at least not that I remember) and it's actually Bella who outwits him and takes the decisions. Also, Bella doesn't stop having sex with Wedderburn, it's actually him who can't take it anymore, and that's because he wants to be in control but Bella doesn't allow him to take control over her life, sexuality and autonomy. The (double) unreliable narrator makes it even more interesting: is the reader more likely to accept the extraordinary and engaging story (told by a likeable man) where two good men help a woman to assert herself and do good for the world, or the much more regular story (told in a cold way by a woman who seems kind of unlikable) about a woman taking choices for herself, wanting to do good for the world and dealing with men that like any other person in the world are flawed even when they want to do good? The movie isn't bad at all, it's wonderfully shot and directed, the scenography and costumes are incredible and I loved the soundtrack, and maybe I would have loved it if I hadn't read the source material. As someone else pointed out (I don't remember if it was this comment section or not), while visually stunning this movie is kind of the opposite to the minimalism that what made Lanthimos' movies so interesting to me
ku21rw0	I was mostly disappointed with the final battle and how fast it was over the emperor took his entire army and had the best of the best at his disposal only to be defeated in 5 minutes by the fremen and sand worms which they should of been more prepared to fight. I was thinking why is his entire army in the open and have no shield defending the emperors army at all and when the fighting starts you get 2 scenes of the battle and then the fremen are at the emperors door with the entire army defeated. You get a nighttime scene with the battle still happening, but again, it is literally a 2 minute scene to show how baustista was actually just a weak man given power. It certainly needed to be a longer fight because i think the scene when zendaya is trying to shoot down the Ornithopter with the rocket lasts longer than a battle containing 2 huge armies and both of them having some of the best fighters in the universe going head to head.
ku21ake	People are critical of those takes, But his opinion on Asteroid City is not the reason Reddit is still whinging about a podcast 5 days later.
ku1zz8h	It was shit, not only because the two main actors were awful. But also because of how much was cut, changed, replaced, and glossed over from the source material. They ruined chani’s character and so much more. Just an all around awful movie. Second worst film adaptation after starship troopers. And that wasn’t even written as an adaptation they just used the name for brand recognition.
ku1zvik	I know who Wes Anderson is. A director with the specific style that I really like. You can at the very least say that you can never expect where the stories he is telling are going. It is always a delight to watch ones of his movies. I know who Michel Legrand is. A composer of some excellent soundtracks that were able to move into the mainstream and who has won several awards. Some of the songs he made outside movies are still often used in short films or commercials (like "Di-gue-ding-ding") I do not know who Wesley Morris is. I do not know The Big Picture Podcast.
ku1y033	Did you watch the movie? How can you watch that ending and think that Villeneuve thinks Paul is a hero let alone that he presented him as one?
ku1uufu	I knew I recognized OP from somewhere https://www.reddit.com/r/entertainment/comments/1b0lth1/comment/ks9anrz/ &gt; His point is graceless and illiterate - although he would probably be proud to lay claim for the latter. &gt; "The Godfather", "Gone with the Wind", "Lawrence of Arabia", "Spartacus", "Star Wars", "Blade Runner", "Titanic" ... the list of epic films with memorable dialogue goes on and on. &gt; Denis thinks "pretty pictures = direction". Clearly a filmbro who worships Villeneuve, lmao. &gt; not agreeing with worshipping the same sacred cows OP has built his identity around. Villeneuve is not a sacred cow. Nolan is not a sacred cow. You can find thousands of people criticizing them on r/movies, twitter, letterboxd all the time. What's the next startling startling hot take one might have? Wes Anderson has become a parody of himself? Oh wait, let me guess Tarantino has become too self-indulgent? Stop the press! But leave it to r/truemidwits to act like you're some sort of brave soldiers defending kino discourse against the unwashed filmbro hordes. Please, at this point I would argue calling Nolan or Villeneuve frauds is a incredibly lazy way of positioning yourself as some sort maverick, non-filmbro critic. Wesley Morris is a literal grifter. If anything, it's an indicment of cinephile culture that somone like him can become relevant.
k99ukjr	Is he shit at his job? I don’t think so. He says he’s never made a mistake until the shot at the beginning. And we kind of can intuit that he’s not lying since we see the repercussions of failure. We then see him go through the film and get the upper hand on all these other supposed experts. He struggles against the guy in Florida, but that dude was more than twice his size! That’s not incompetence to beat someone that big. I agree that it could have been funny. We start out with this long monologue narration about his elaborate philosophy and about his expertise and then he fucks up and his whole cool, calm demeanor is broken and he can’t keep himself under control. The narration could have turned into the philosophy that he is fighting against at this point. That he had turned into an emotional monster. But that’s not how it’s played. It’s the same cold assassin throughout.
k99seau	“Popcorn flick” seems to not have much of a meaning anymore. It’s more like an off-hand for “movies I don’t enjoy that much” at this point.
k99ruz4	Barbie is more than marketing, it was so profound and excessive or even politicized. I don't live in the US so that might be the reason I find it so crazy and nonsense but as a role model or toy (whatever you say) Barbie means nothing to me. That movie and the crowd behind it make the whole thing as "you don't adore the movie then you are sexist, you adore the movie then you're a great person" You were attacked and got cancelled for telling "it is OK just fun but nothing great" so that reminded me of kpop scene and stan groups somehow.
k99rp0w	I totally agree with you about the character of Hazel, she definitely stood out but was not classed as one of the protagonist, I feel with her is where the film tried to have their cake and eat it too. Her motivations and decisions made the film unique. I was surprised with myself on how much i enjoyed the film, i have been avoiding teen comedies lately and i'm glad that i did not avoid this one.
k99rmjf	I really think that there is no more a reference to the exploitation of a capitalist system in the film than there is one about perfectionism in baking. I feel like you came to the film while thinking a lot about capitalism, so I see how that might fit, but perfectionism and trying to be very good at something and building your identity around it has nothing to do with money sometimes. Unless you count "feeling good" and "being admired" as a form of capital, in which case everything is capitalism.
k99qk2t	&gt; People who don’t have empathy don’t have to constantly tell themselves to not empathize with others. &gt; &gt; That’s a problem that I have with the movie. Fassbender plays the character as too cold when the entire narration is dedicated to him trying to detach himself from what he’s doing. But that was what the point of the movie was for me. The Killer is a very, very deadpan comedy. More so than a thriller. It's a film about the lies we tell ourselves in order to justify our existence, it's about the way assassins (and especially movies about assassins) lionise them in a way that makes them seem cool and superhuman, when here Fassbender's character is not only kind of shit at his job, but seems like a bit of a dolt. He spends so much of the film justifying his actions and believing in his own exceptionalism and how he's different from everyone else, and yet the tools of his trade are some of the biggest corporations in the world - WeWork, McDonalds, Hertz, Amazon. Every single mantra he repeats to himself - "Stick to the plan", "Only kill who you're paid to kill", "Empathy is weakness" - he breaks over the course of the film. His disguise is wearing a white linen suit and Hawaiian shirt. He calculates exactly how many minutes it will take for the Lawyer to die by nails to the lung, only for the man to die immediately on him. All of this is extremely funny to me, and I think it's meant to be. Fincher has a very dark sense of humour, to the point where most of his films I would say are pretty damn funny. The Killer feels to me a bit like Fight Club in the way it's been misunderstood or misinterpreted, and if you watch it purely as a surface-level, John Wick or Jason Bourne-esque thriller, it's lacking. But to me he takes the pulpy "wronged assassin" genre and tries to elevate it by having the entire film and main character telling us it's one thing, but instead being something entirely different. I'm not saying that means it works for everyone (the consensus I've seen online is that it's a mediocre film), and I personally think it's a minor Fincher work. But I still think it's more clever and interesting than it first appears to be, and perhaps is a victim of the glut of "badass assassins out for revenge" movies that have been made over the past two decades that people are taking it entirely at face value and IMO misinterpreting what it's actually doing.
k99qand	&gt; I didn't make to movie! No, but you're the one who chooses to read some statement about gender issues into it and focus only on the fact that "IT WAS ALL MEN!!!!!!!" It is of course everybody's right to interpret a piece of art in accordance with their personal ideology, but I'm just saying that I think your discernment comes far out of left field (pun intended). Because the indisputable fact remains that this is a movie which tries to illustrate that "Time destroys everything." That's it. As such, Noe could just as well have filmed a beautiful building breaking down over time, or a piece of fruit slowly rotting, or just a close-up of a person's smile fading away. It would all illustrate the same thing, only that wouldn't have been quite as dramatic, now would it? However, like I've already written in numerous other posts here, he does use a plethora of other methods to hammer his point in. And the music, colors and camera movements all go from a state of harmonic tranquility to utter chaos. BTW, your quote from Gaspar was obviously just one of his (famously) tongue in cheek responses to silly questions like this, which he is known to give at every opportunity :)
k99pnob	I thought the film was an extremely fun teen satire, however, i do think the film falls into its own trap and fails to fully capitalize on its own premise. The film ostensibly wants to be a parody of teen comedies. It lampoons the genre to extremes and plays with the classic archetypes as you say. But the movie also wants to be a sincere attempt at placing lesbians at the centerstage, and still tries to keep focus on the central friend conflict that we have seen in all the teen comedies it is trying to satirize. In essence, it wants to have its cake and eat it too. It wants to make fun of all the teen comedies that came before while falling victim to the tropes it is trying to make fun of. And so though I had an absolute blast at times, I couldnt help but feel a little wanting. I think this is most heavily illustrated through the character of hazel. Hazel gets done dirty by both story devices. She is too over-the-top for the sincere high school rom-com, but too intimately detailed for the outrageous parody. She seems stuck in the middle where she doesnt get enough screen time or development to feel like anything more than a tertiary character, but she is one of the movers and shakers of the plot.= that deserves more understanding. Compared to two all time teen comedy classics that more confidently stick to their respective genres - Better Off Dead and Superbad - I think Bottoms fails to really strike the right balance and never makes its way to bonafide hit. But my god it is a breath of fresh air in a sea of mediocre comedies that I really couldnt care. Marshawn Lynch was hysterical and some of the background details had me rolling.
k99p26p	The very beginning is also extremely unsettling in cinemas. I think anyone under 12 might get super spooked. That and the gore (the cutting open of the shark, the injured pelican, the rock scene…)
k99ovrm	Hell, one of the great details of this movie was that the obviousness of his false aliases went completely unnoticed by every single person who saw them. The movie wants to make that point too! An interesting thing I noticed in the streaming era is that a lot of this so-called "content" is designed to just be on. In the background. Playing in your earbuds while you multitask at work. Made to ask if you are still watching it after you fell asleep barely paying attention to it. Etcetera etcetera. I wonder if there is a contrasting dialogue of those who chose to see The Killer in the theater, where they were perhaps more intently engaged with the film, versus those who conveniently and/or casually watched it at home. The internet has made us all critics and the streaming era made us all consume more things we feel entitled to criticize.
k99opi6	Eh, I’d say that Zodiac still handles the emotional toll of the story in a cold way. I’d also say that Gone Girl would have been more interesting if Rosamund Pike’s character wasn’t so hollow. One of the weirdest acting choices I’ve seen was for Pike to put on a some sort of femme fatale voice for that role. You got to play against expectations there and she didn’t. I mean, he does a lot of movies about people doing horrific acts. If he really went into the emotional reality of these stories, they’d be too grim to watch. Can you imagine watching Seven if it wasn’t done in Fincher’s detached style?
k99o300	I agree I watched it recently and watched it again a week ago, and at some points I genuinely did laugh out loud, which is rare, especially when watching something alone. I felt attached to the characters, and wanted Josie and Isabel to end up together in the end: they were a cute couple. I also found the satire did work really well, it was a caricature of high school life, obviously it's not going to be realistic. People need to stop deeping everything
k99lqer	I'd only put Ran above it. And as you say, his legacy would be great with just his direction or his acting, he got both.
k99lprl	&gt;Who here agrees that *Chimes at Midnight* is the best Shakespeare adaptation ever? I do! I think in a very close second is the Russian *Gamlet* (*Hamlet*) (1964). Brilliant adaptation, and supposedly Shakespeare devotees Kenneth Branagh and John Gielgud consider it the definitive *Hamlet* adaptation. Of course *Ran* (1985) and *Throne of Blood* (1957) are high up there, but I'm a bit torn on how to count them. *Gamlet* preserves the full story and setting, only changing the language, whereas *Ran* uses *King Lear* (and an historical episode) as a jumping off-point. Either way, I think *Chimes at Midnight* is the best, with a lot of great ones up there as well.
k99l9sb	god you’re insufferable lol
k99j599	It felt as close to an exercise in boredom as one can get. It is as if Fincher looked at John Wick and thought: how about that, but I’ll make it absurdingly boring. Oh, and the fight scenes? Pitch black, let’s make ‘em squint their eyes. I mean, I get it. I got it all. I just think that the movie could have been an email.
k99il9b	But not always Fincher's style. ***Zodiac*** is extremely emotional both with regard to Jake Gyllenhaal's character, his wife Chloe Sevigny and his friend Robert Downey Jr. Though it is a highly procedural thriller, the core of the story is about the emotional toll all the murder has had on these people and even to some extent on the cop played by Mark Ruffalo. Meanwhile ***Gone Girl*** is effective, I would argue, precisely because of the way Rosamund Pike's psycho character impacts on the emotional mess of her husband Ben Affleck. He's flawed of course, selfish and dishonest, but has an emotional core that reacts strongly to his indignities and he cares a lot for his sister.
k99i1e1	Yep. Turned it off halfway through. Everyone seems so hyped about it but the movie came off as slow and unengaging
k99h5vq	I loved that he's in that position at the end of the film and there's still a sense of intense paranoia, the way a curtain moves in the background, their body language, the way his face twitches.
k99gyhd	I read your substack article with interest, and subbed also. I would tend to agree with your general comments while disagreeing about the effectiveness of the scenario given as a thriller. If Fassbender is a sociopath truly without empathy, why does he care what happens to his partner? Why all the self-talk trying to convince himself that he's really such a stone-cold killer? Do stone-cold killers like songs about shyness and writing poetry to girls in Luxemburg? And if he's really a normie after all, why don't we ever come to care about him? Why does he commit murders like that of the taxi driver or the secretary without hesitation? For me the film is not convincing enough to be a serious thriller, and not wacky enough to be a satire. It sits uncomfortably in the middle and doesn't entertain much. It could be a meta commentary on Fincher himself but that doesn't satisfy me much either. For a dead serious drama-thriller I'd prefer something like ***Le Samourai***, for a wild entertainment ***Leon*** or ***John Wick***, and for something quirky and whimsical, Ghost Dog.
k99gc7g	I loved that he's in that position at the end of the film and there's still a sense of intense paranoia, the way a curtain moves in the background, their body language, the way his face twitches.
k99d28n	True. Because it's easier to spot obvious things and harder to notice nuance. Once something is seen it begins to feel obvious too. Subtlety is more sylph-like and slips past more stealthily. I guess what I was trying to get at was that even the obvious things often seem to get missed by many. Sometimes wilfully it seems these days... Plus, it's pretty obvious that without the hive mind online, films would retain more of their mystery like they used to. Today, 100 hot takes can be harvested before breakfast and you see the same lifts starting to form a consensus many then try to claim as their own. I try really hard not to read anything until I've written something of my own down. Mistakes be damned. It seems the audience jury is still out on The Killer. But that's to be expected with a Netflix release as the audience is arguably broader due to the lack of investment required to watch them.
k99curp	the audience knows he's a "normie" when he starts listening to the fucking Smiths lmao, his arc is him coming to terms with the fact that he isn't exceptional and is just like everyone else. why does it matter if the audience knows that already?
