m9h4izv	So I got all that and the rape scene felt completely over the top. I enjoyed watching all these power dynamics play out without the need for that scene at all. It would be the equivalent of someone like Nurse Ratchet murdering a patient just to drive the message home that she’s a sociopath. The movie went from subtle and engaging to completely ham fisted with that writing.
m9h41dk	It was so bad. Honestly imagine if this wasn’t related to Maximus and Denzel Washington’s character and the Gladiator were the heroes. Denzel wanting to destroy Rome from within is a great idea, but horribly executed in this movie. Another thing that just made me laugh was Lucilla. In the first movie she fucks up the coup against her brother because she tells her 8 year old son Maximus is the savior of Rome. Despite being terrified for her son’s life the entire movie. Lol well the lady fucked up another plot! This time by just screaming about her son’s existence despite knowing her house has spies. We literally watched her clear the room before speaking. Lady can’t keep her mouth shut.
m9h3vzs	Ivan is the only main character to ask and cares what Ani wants and asks her permission. He’s not a villain. Just a child and unwilling/unable to assert agency from his parents, more specifically mom. Mom is the only villain in this story, really.
m9h3jy0	The sad person is the liar! When was he convicted of rape, liar?!
m9h3gon	&gt;EDIT: Vote manipulation gets you banned OP, this is pathetic. Or the reason that you are downvoted is that you are making a controversial statement that a lot of people don't agree with? Like a lot of people in this sub will have seen a recent film that was universally well-received at around the same time and have the need to talk about it. And it's not like there is no discussion of older films because of that. There clearly is and in my experience it usually outweigh discussion about recent releases. (And just for the record: I indeed didn't downvote your opinion because that is pretty much poison to any discussion)
m9h35zf	I see your argument. Having checked out other Sean Baker movies, I think he tends to write movies where everyone is somewhat wrong/flawed. But also have redeeming traits. So I think there's room to be a little bit generous to Vanya. I think his character is an interesting depiction of power structures. Him, and even his father (the one who holds the wealth) are both under the thumb of a tyrant, the mother. Everyone is at the mercy of some form of power. To counter though, I don't think he really loves Ani. She's essentially a toy to him. I think their sex scenes are the biggest giveaway - they're always in doggy, with Ani facing away. He tends not to last because he pounds away with no regard for having sex that's actually enjoyable for Ani. (I think the counter argument is that things change when she takes control in that scene). He wants to get married, but his parents have a relationship that appears loveless, so marriage appears to be something meaningless to him.
m9h0kbx	Don't listen to him, it's a good post and obviously people are going to want to discuss new releases they just saw. There's plenty of discussion of classic or niche films on here if that's what people prefer. They could also spend the time they put into whiny commentary writing their own in depth posts
m9h05du	He kind of said it timidly... but it was such an important moment. He quickly put his grandiose mask back on when Ani didn't really reciprocate his energy. While marrying Ani, maybe Ivan hoped that, 'okay, not yet but eventually Ani would love me without money.' She didn't.
m9gzqyb	Ugh, I hate this old school forum mentality of "don't make new threads" Reddit doesn't work the way forums worked. OP doesn't want to just read an old, dead thread that no-one else will read. They want a discussion. A dialogue. Creating a new thread is a way to start that. Anora is nominated for Oscars. Plenty of people have seen it.
m9gzdzc	I wonder if one of the reasons people are really upset by it is precisely bc they expected it to make a huge political statement and in such they would too feel represented. I didn’t go into it thinking that way. Mostly I was just curious how a French musical set in Mexico would be portrayed. Parts of it are so dumb it’s hilarious. I’m a native Spanish speaker and my goodness this movie made no sabo kids seem fluent. However for all its negatives I did think that the story was really engaging. I did find that I had to add a lot of context for myself and elaborate on the story in my imagination. But the outline of the story is something I found intriguing. I ultimately was left wanting to know more about Emilia and the people in her life. And was some what disappointed that I was left having to fill in some blanks. It’s a movie that tries to overcomplicate itself but at its core it’s just a movie about people who for better or worse suffer the consequences of their choices. At the end of the day, I’ve seen way worse films. Although I must say I don’t think I’ve ever seen a “musical” this bad. In that the music itself was atrocious. The only song that I liked was papa. But only bc it made me think of my dad who has passed and how much I miss him. He didn’t smell like aguacate though lol
m9gyrr3	It’s gone, the generals consciousness is dead.
m9gyqy9	I noticed that too: "I think we would have a great time even if I didn't have money." He wanted to run away with her when the time came. And she just ignored that part. He definitely treated her cruelly but she was with him for the money.
m9gxvcv	No... no I work in AI and that's utter bullshit, and I did not ask. I'm going to go ahead and block your account so I can just dodge the bullet of this interaction continuing.
m9gxlo0	Search "Anora r/truefilm" on Google and you can see how much in-depth discussion there is on this very film on this very sub. Check out r/letterboxd for posting reviews and discussions (although even that messy sub wisened up and stopped this), especially of new films. Check out the weekly thread on this sub for posting what you've watched this week and discussing them with other active viewers. Take the same amount of time you've spent typing this review and put it towards researching places to discuss movies =\]
m9gxdxq	I used Grammarly but it is not AI generated. Most AI language model, including Chat GPT and Claude, their knowledge cuts off at July 2024 and they can't analyze videos.
m9gxbmd	Yeah, nah. You might (well, probably won't) want to listen to the Video Archives pod episode about it. Or if you (likely) don't want the opinion of two guys in their 50s, read some of the female raves about it (Kael). But I had a blast watching Birth of a Nation so I don't think we're on the same page at all when it comes to art. You'd literally never consume anything being so easily offended. Times change. I use cinema as a time machine. You don't learn anything if you only consume stuff that doesn't challenge or offend you sometimes. Certainly don't learn anything about history.
m9gwt6r	I thought this subreddit is a place for in-depth discussion. If there's a better place to discuss this, I'd appreciate if you give me the link.
m9gvy6z	It's not controversial. Can we please find someone on the mod team to stop this absurd influx of reviews on brand new films which a fraction of the r/truefilm audience hasn't seen (and possibly doesn't care to). This sub is becoming letterboxd, but according to its own rules it strives to be something else. Literally the simplest rule against films from the last year will restore this place to what it was.
m9gvn1g	&gt;You make it sound as if there's a lobby or interest group behind suppressing HFR implementation. In effect there is. There's really no nice way to say this, but the argument against HFR is, at core, the same as the argument against CGI, deaging effects, digital cameras...I've never seen discussions on these subjects on Reddit (or filmmakers advocating for the good ol' analog ways) that didn't strike me as thinly-veiled luddism.
m9gvce8	Yeah it really was that simple. All this excess conversation is just for people to debate the ideas and the thoughts behind the material (semantics). I appreciate this movie for how quickly lines are drawn in the conversation around it. If you think the movie was making "statements" about any of the topics it touched on, I'm happy to turn away and chat about the movie with someone else (who can talk about the construction and application of it). The movie is ignorant as hell, flashy, curious yet unwilling to ask experts, and presumptuous. But in being all those things, it told an extremely unique story. The kids singing to Emilia about their "papa" was the perfect encapsulation of the film's tone. It's braindead in regards to annoying and boring conversation about "trans people" and "Mexicans" (because those conversations usually inspire reductive points and further ignorance) and instead it's focused on the story of a person who has everything they need to change. Will they change? Maybe. Oh wait yes! Or... actually no. The only critique I find that has merit, in the mainstream, for this film is against the actors' line delivery in Spanish. And to that, I lol, because I enjoy Shyamalan and Lanthimos films quite explicitly for how bad the English line delivery is.
m9gumc7	I can imagine it working well given the right tone and sequence. The Hobbit movies, hypothetically speaking, were good choices for the fantasy element but it still didn't meld well in the end. I'd argue it might have better effect in surrealism and horror.
m9gt7h6	I figured! No harm in making mistakes, we all live and learn.
m9gsvrv	Nowadays most of the action movies feature a strong female which the soy drinkers do enjoy. I honestly can’t remember the lay action movie I have enjoyed, the genre has gone to shit for all the reasons you’ve listed, and the people that fund movies make them extremely predictable to the point where you’ve thought AI has written them. Long gone are the movies like ‘Taken’, now is the time for movies like ‘Becky’ that Reddit slops up.
m9gs0vs	You make it sound as if there's a lobby or interest group behind suppressing HFR implementation. Directors can use it tomorrow, today, and yesterday. It's strictly a matter of it not being appealing. And the argument about people just needing to get used to it presupposes that there's a need to get used to it in the first place. It begs the question: why do we need to get used to HFR films? The whole thing seems like a completely fake or manufactured issue.
m9grzag	I can't get past how DEEPLY transphobic it is. On a level of Birth of a Nation, to the point where I think it ought to wholly overshadow any other conversation since it's just so deeply bigoted.
m9grwsv	&gt; Minor note, it's preferred to say Transgender Woman, rather than just Transgender. It feels like calling someone a Black, ya get me? I didn't know, did not intend offense. I fixed it.
m9grq7q	Given the subject matter in question and the entirety of OP’s post and comments, what else did you expect from this thread? OP’s criticism of the movie is not simply that the characters or the writing were bad. He found the rape scene overhyped and not graphic enough (the implication of these statements being that the infamously long rape scene could have used more gruesome violence to really sell it). We all knew where these comments were headed before we even got here. Giving Alex negative traits was obviously intentional. Clearly OP thinks he’d feel differently if an angelic and ever-lovely Alex were the one being assaulted, but instead she is a realistic human with flaws. Do rape victims not deserve sympathy if they are imperfect humans (which, news flash, is all of us)? Isn’t it interesting how we all know OP is a man without him having to say so? Nobody here said all men are blind to suffering, but it’s willful ignorance to pretend portrayals of SA will affect us the same way they might affect women, who experience sexual violence and harassment far more commonly than we do. Sure, it’s a movie and opinion is subjective. OP has every right to see it and then complain that he wasn’t entertained by it in the way he wanted to be. Don’t be surprised that a lot of people here are trying to tell him the point of the movie went right over his head.
m9gqw3j	Minor note, it's preferred to say Transgender Woman, rather than just Transgender. It feels like calling someone a Black, ya get me? I also think it's unfair to say that it's fine that it's shallow because it's a musical comedy, given it's clearly reaching for deeper issues, and musical comedies can and routinely ARE deeper than this. I also don't think it's supposed to be all that comedic, it has a funny song or two but it's a tragedy at it's core. By musical TRAGEDY standards this show is even worse.
m9gp53a	&gt; in the movie of course it's just an ill-defined tragedy that almost gets solved by Emilia Perez having a change or heart. Liberals love this bullshit. Why did she have a change of heart? Because she had a sex change? Her class status didn't change at all. She still has her 19th century style maids. The movie has no issues with that though. And then finally in the end she becomes a saint and people have a possession with her statue as a holy virgin I'm a white canadian and did not see the film that way at all. I thought that Emilia was deelply flawed and that while I could empathize with her plight as a transgender, I was mad that she escaped justice for her horrible crimes. And then she sets herself up as a saint standing on top of the mass grave she created so I fully hated her. It was a delicious irony that she became a victim of the very type of crimes she perpetrated because she was, despite creating a whole new life for her, still the bastard she had created. I didn't think the film was particularly deep, nor was it an attempt to talk about mexico at all. It's all set dressing for a musical comedy, a genre that's rarely deep or insighful about anything except perhaps the inner lives of its character. It could have been set in any place with a widely known cartel problem and would felt just as fictionalized. Like the south american or east asian countries that 80s action comedy heroes go blow up. I'll grant that it's a cheap crutch to rely on stereotypes like that to tell a story, and it does feel wasteful. But also the movie isn't really serious. It's the rocambolesque story of an irredeemable character's attempt at redemtion by digging up a buried part of her, just like she digs up the bodies she left behind.
m9gog9n	I didn’t find the ending so ambiguous. To me it was a message about Zionism and the politics of memory. Throughout the film, they show Toth to be ambivalent about Israel. But his brutalist philosophy is to create things that will withstand the onslaught of history (ie an eternal Jewish people). His work with Van Buren shows he is willing to work on projects that aren’t aligned with him personally, so I saw the subsequent Holocaust museums etc as other examples of that where he designed for the opportunity to creatively express himself, rather than signaling his support for the broader purpose of the building. The ending then is just another example of how his art can be recuperated by a political/economic force, but rather than for Pennsylvania suburbs, its to build the world’s prominent museums dedicated to preserving Jewish memory, especially of the Holocaust. Zsofia’s “its the destination, not the journey” is the language of unaddressed trauma, and as she was thematized as the Zionist in the film, to me it signified the problem for Zionism. There’s a faux reckoning/rationalizing happening via his architecture, but a lack of genuine curiosity about the journey and how that informs what we may do today. (This was my sense walking out of the movie so I recognize I could miss details counter to this. But this was informed by [recent writing](https://jewishcurrents.org/bad-memory-2)on [this topic](https://jewishcurrents.org/event/hijacking-memory-the-holocaust-and-the-siege-of-gaza)in Jewish Currents magazine and by [Naomi Klein](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2024/oct/05/israel-gaza-october-7-memorials).)
m9gdnuj	The answer to that is tension. And Ennio Morricone, that helps.
m9gc80z	This is an incredibly broad question. It really depends, and I can't really narrow it down to THE one way I do it. Sometimes I just want to turn my brain off and the film sorta filters through me. Sometimes I want to have a great time and I invite people over, and we talk and hang out, but still actively watch the film. There, the film functions more like social glue. Maybe we talk about the cinematography, the love life of its stars or whatever other barely film related stuff that pops into our heads. Sometimes I want to have an experience. I turn off the lights and put away all distractions. I want the film to pull me in completely. Those are the times I just crave a good story. Even tho I don't actively follow the structure of the screenplay, it does pull me out when the script goes bonkers. The fact is that the more you learn about an art form, the harder it is to turn yourself off. Sometimes it's study time and I pull out a historically significant film, or I'm currently deep into a filmography. This is where I try to stay as active as possible. Searching for formal references and development. It tends to add at least an hour to my watch time since I have to pause to think. Sometimes I have to research, and I specifically look at an element I'm interested in. Either I'm looking at the dit, camera movement, lights, acting choices, sound,... Sometimes I have to see the new release, and that's when I tend to be critical of the entire thing. I'll be taking mental notes of all the elements that jump out at me as I watch. And all of these can be applied to all films. Sometimes I just want to enjoy a Kurosawa and am looking at a Marvel film's editing choices. It depends on what I want or have to do at any given moment. The question of how do you watch films is like asking how do you eat.
m9g9yct	Licorice Pizza is a fantastic PTA film! My wife and I saw it last Sunday. It was a re-watch for me and the first time for her. We both loved it. The film has a positive can-do spirit.
m9g5011	PTA might disagree with you I think. He’s talked in interviews about it and I can’t remember his exact wording but essentially he thinks it’s embarrassingly long and looks back on the film as him having given too much creative power early in his creative career.
m9g3y98	Saw this in the theatre and have loved it since! It’s always been explained to me that you have to look at all aspects of the game as being highly staged and with tons of money behind them. Think the game is almost like being full of Hollywood special effects made by the creators.
m9g24tf	Absolutely great movie. It's a bit of a slow one and not your usual movie, but it's animation and details are stellar. The ending music soundtrack is the best part. Both the Dub and Sub are great and it's awesome to see that Dubs are reaching this level of quality. For those who liked the music, I found out the songs were re-done in English! The music in both Japanese and English are fantastic, although i'm biased towards my native tongue since I was surprised how well the lyrics translated. Happy to have supported what is still considered a niche film in the West in theaters and had a lot of fun.
m9fznk6	&gt;But the industry did experiment with HFR films, and most consumers decided they didn’t like films that wholly featured that. Ummm, Avatar 2 was an HFR movie. Now excuse me while I look at the table of highest-grossing films of all time. Of course, it didn't necessarily gross all that much because of the HFR: it did it because its a James Cameron film. But I saw no evidence that the HFR screenings hurt the movie... Peter Jackson also said in 2014 that the earnings from 3D IMAX screenings of The Hobbit (i.e. HFR) were "absolutely enormous." It's one of those things, like 3D, that comes in and out. But it nevertheless is a presence in the cinema landscape.
m9fyer6	But the industry did experiment with HFR films, and most consumers decided they didn’t like films that wholly featured that. Unlike picture and audio formats, they can’t be marketed as a positive or enhancing experience. With that said, I think HFR and premium formats are two very different avenues. The latter enhances the experience through subtle changes, such as shallower dof and enhanced audio systems, whereas HFR completely changes the experience of watching a film. I still think HFR could work, but not when used throughout a whole film. Maybe VR is one medium worth considering for HFR?
m9fwys4	The movie is terrible! I love older movies and most of Hitchcock’s stuff. This movie had one of the most nonsensical plots ever. Critics snd audiences hated it when it came out for a reason.
m9fwvnf	It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot). Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://www.cnbc.com/2022/12/15/why-avatar-looks-different-james-cameron-48fps-high-frame-rate.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2022/12/15/why-avatar-looks-different-james-cameron-48fps-high-frame-rate.html)** ***** ^(I'm a bot | )[^(Why &amp; About)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot)^( | )[^(Summon: u/AmputatorBot)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot/)
m9fwubk	Avatar 2 had a variable frame rate like this https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2022/12/15/why-avatar-looks-different-james-cameron-48fps-high-frame-rate.html
m9fwjet	&gt; If not, why fix what’s not broken? Two things: one, its not a "fix" in the sense that any HFR film released to date has had a perfectly normal-looking 24fps version that, if people preferred, they could watch instead. Second, in a time where "premium formats" from 70mm IMAX to Dolby Cinema are the name of the game, and films are made and marketed in a way that gears you to "See Dune/Oppenheimer/whatever in IMAX" I think its a little disingenious to denigerate another avenue that could be explored with regards to premium formats.
m9fuvxn	Yes, but you can patch that up today pretty easily. I mean, the only version of The Hobbit (for example) that we have to view today in our homes is 24fps, and it looks like a perfectly normal, 24fps movie. Nobdoy watching it who didn't know it was an HFR-shot movie would have the slightest inkling that there's anything different from any other movie.
m9fuo1s	No, the motion blur is different
m9fufdv	I think it’s all about meaning in cinema, as opposed to a random blogger who shot on 60fps unaware of what fps even means. 24fps is what we perceive as “normal”, but many films have experimented with different fps should the scene benefit from it. If not, why fix what’s not broken?
m9fu4fe	Fair enough i've never been to Venice but lived in Cannes for a while and go back for the festival almost every year, and just by being a "random" i can watch 3-4 movies a day for a week so i can't agree with that criticism. It's also cheaper than regular cinema tickets (like 5 euros) if not straight free if you know how to proceed so to me it actually is very "popular" and amazing for a regular movie fan.
m9ftlfx	I mean, at the time when television was 25fps I felt like I could tell the difference, but sure, below 30fps or so its not a huge difference. I did see HFR footage - though not a complete feature - and it is a radically different experience. Of course, with The Hobbit and Avatar it was partially done to complement the 3D: You couldn't see the Hobbit in HFR without it being 3D (although you could see it in 3D without it being HFR).
m9ft9hp	I mean, that makes sense. There is nothing magical about 24 FPS, and i doubt most people can tell the difference between 24 and 25 fps, it just has to be in that general area to look correct
m9ft3dk	I mean, if those screenings specifically had "enormous" returns (I'm quote the director here), and did so over three releases, then that would seem to suggest people did seek it out.
m9fsrlk	I know some people from the region and it's more that it's incredibly cringe than that people are offended, Mexicans don't really get offended much anyways. I do think it's very typical that some french fart-smeller first made a movie how horrible and sad people have it in Sri Lanka and now made a movie how horrible and sad people have it in Mexico. France as a country is fucked up enough, why not clean up in front of your own doorstep instead of making something for first-worlders to jerk off to how sad others have it and how aware we are. At least then he could make something more accurate with local knowledge. Firstly none of the big actors are Mexican. Emilia Perez is from Spain, Zoe Saldana from the Dominican Republic and of course Selena Gomez is from the US (and barely speaks Spanish anyway lol). So we have a movie about Mexico without Mexicans. Accent are really big thing in Spanish and vary widely. Imagine having a movie in the Los Angeles hood and everyone has a British accent. There are many inaccuracies, like when they drive out of Mexico-City and are suddenly in the desert, even thought the desert areas in the north are hundreds of kilometers away. And then just cringe cliches, like the son says Emilia reminds him of dad because she smells of Guacamole and Mezcal. Like really, the couldn't come up with anything better. Who smells like guacamole? It's like a boy would miss the smell of maple syrup and poutine from his Canadian dad. Finally what's really bad is the portrait of the drug war. Of course a movie in Mexico has to be about the drug war. And almost all movies from outside Mexico portrait it wrong, even enjoyable films like Sicario. Again they are portrayed like these robin-hood type figures, when really they are more 19th century robber-barons. Emilia Perez wouldn't live in some shitty truck in the desert, she would live in a huge mansion. She wouldn't have to hide from police, she would be protected by local politicians and cops. Only if she would fall out of favor politically would she get in trouble. It's really fundamental to understand the Mexican drug issue only became a "war" in the first place after Felipe Calderón decided to deploy the military, only then these huge numbers of casualties started. It is not some natural disaster that poor Mexicans have to live with randomly, it was imposed on them as a measure of control by their own elite and the United States. And now it's even being used as a justification for intervention by the US. I really recommend people to read "Drug Cartels Do Not Exist". But no, in the movie of course it's just an ill-defined tragedy that almost gets solved by Emilia Perez having a change or heart. Liberals love this bullshit. Why did she have a change of heart? Because she had a sex change? Her class status didn't change at all. She still has her 19th century style maids. The movie has no issues with that though. And then finally in the end she becomes a saint and people have a possession with her statue as a holy virgin??? That shit doesn't happen lol. Makes it seems like they are some primitive island tribe with a cargo cult.
m9fso81	It did well numbers wise, but I don't think people were going out of their way for it. And the people that noticed didn't like it.
m9fsk2b	A 60fps video on YouTube doesn't look bad, because it's usually not meant to be immersive. High FPS is fine if it's a video of something in real life. But if you use high FPS in a film, for some reason it just makes everything look fake. There are niche situations where the hyper-real look might be used, but I guess directors just haven't felt inspiration to do that yet.
m9fs57c	There HAD, by the way, been deviations from the norm before The Hobbit: to begin with, in the silent era frame rates would go for anything between 18fps and 24fps. In the mid-50s, Cinerama was 27fps, and originally Todd-AO was 30 fps.
m9fs4w3	I think that it is possible, but that films need to be shot and edited in a new way to "look right" with the new fps. Higher fps is basically a new film medium (for theatrical films anyway) so maybe it needs a new filmmaking language.
m9frx8d	&gt;Films are not videogames. Obviously its not as drastic, but all those Cinerama features in the mid-50s and early 60s were done at 27fps. Todd-AO was originally 30fps.
m9fr997	We associate 24 FPS with "fiction" because it’s been the standard for so long since early cinema. Sports and news came later on general television, and those were later updated to 50hz or 60hz without much resistance because that type of media is more about the content or info you gain from it. It’s not that HFR inherently doesn’t work for fiction
m9fr841	Yeah but I would say Venice is easier to attend as far as watching the movies in competition or anyway the more "popular" ones. That means a lot for a movie fan and someone who is not a professional movie critic or any kind of movie worker
m9fr1zz	I walked into the hobbit unaware when that first one came out and I cannot tell you how bad it was and how much I disliked the frame-rate. It seems to be a case of wither people don’t notice or people hate it. You won’t see many people think it elevates anything.
ls1csc9	I mean, the movie was bad. It was just kinda boring. I liked what it wanted to do, but it was just made bad. The musical bits in general didn't have any catch, and the pacing was slow in a bad sense, because it just was repeating the same ideas again and again, with some cringy dialogue. In my opinion it wasn't awful, it made for an interesting watch at least, it just that in the end the form was not great. I think there are some reactionary things in the reception, definitively because the first it can be interpreted like some kind of incel power fantasy and the second shatters it, in my opinion, in an unsatisfactory way. I guess wants to represent the feelings of the director in relation of the first movie in a completely subjective way, and that is fine, but it lacked more general nuance, making the message kind of simple, and representing the people who liked so much the incel vibe in the first like just dumb or crazy people and not a symptom of something bigger. That being said, for what I have seen, this position is a minority. And I guess as "reactionary" you mean a closed mentality to art, a thing that I have not seen happening in this case, quite the contrary. I mean I could be wrong and have a distorted view of the reception of the film, but for what I know the general critique was what I said earlier, good intent, just bad execution I have not seen anyone criticize it for being a musical or anything, and let's be honest, is not so avant-garde as some people are making it to be. There is a reticence in commercial audiences to new ideas, yes, and it always has been, the industry of entertainment needs that people like always the same thing and do not think too critically to mass produce films, but I don't think it is the case here, because basically these people don't have even seen it. "High art" or "experimental art", whatever that means, it's not always good for definition, and I think this is the case. You can appreciate the idea and the intent, but in doing so, it does not mean that you have to necessarily like it.
ls1cmyc	I know im late to the party buuuuut...This was the worst since 2 imo. It just felt off from the beginning. Straight away I knew it was a different Director yet had know idea prior. Had been looking forward to this after rewatching all except 2, just to see the flow. But this sadly was a massive miss. And Ilsa dying sucked big bad balls.
ls1cbqv	In psychology there’s an interesting distinction made between the ideal ego — how we imagine we appear to others — and the ego ideal — the image of who we desire to be. These two images are often in conflict, and The Substance makes the conflict very literal — the more unrealistic Elisabeth’s pursuit of an idealized image becomes, the more her actual self image suffers, the more fractured and disassociated her identity becomes. And what’s really interesting with aging, or with balding, is at some point the ego ideal can become a former ideal ego, a past self image is projected into a future desire to the extent that looking in the mirror makes you feel haunted. Hair loss treatment ads (or weight loss or anti aging) always seem to prey on this logic — they always show us an image of a divided self — an image of an unhappy bald man beside an image of the same man smiling, fully coiffured. To the balding man, the second image is in the past, but of course the ad will reverse this, labeling the second image “after.” I thought the substance played out this psychic conflict between dual self images with amazing lucidity, which makes it easy for everyone to relate to, we all have trouble reconciling how we imagine we appear to others with how we want to appear. Great write up, showing how we can apply the logic of the movie in a more universal way.
ls1bv7y	I think we get a hint of what the source of his trauma was in the scene where he has a mental breakdown and mentions his mother, IIRC. It was so raw and real and resonated with me a lot. Also, I got the impression that he runs away into the night at the end not because he feels like he doesn't deserve a good life – although there's indeed a lot of self-hate – but because his self-destructive tendencies are stronger than Louise's plans for a bright future; so to not drag her down along with himself, Johnny leaves her, out of love. The ending seemed ambiguous to me. Johnny's last interaction with the security guard who criticized his nihilism had a strong effect on him, as well as that fight with the waiter girl, so I think there's an implication that he might change for the better.
ls1bmlg	Ah, that is a brief appearance! I missed it entirely. Well, gonna have to take College out if the No Train Content part of my list.
ls1b4vf	Thank you for the suggestions! Regarding the train in College, it only makes a brief appearance, as you can see in this [video](https://youtu.be/T45FHGOPmZU?feature=shared&amp;t=1369).
ls1ah0v	Yeah and the entire pivot to the other character who was the messiah was sooo uninteresting. It felt like the movie hinged a bit on how much you cared about her, which imho was a massive mistake, given that we barely get to know her, and she doesn't really do anything of note. I think he got better with Dune Parts 1-2, but even then I kind of suspect that the storytelling and characterization is carried over from the books and is not really down to DV's skill. I still think he is a great director. Just that there is sometimes something strangely lukewarm and muted about the characters and plots of his movies.
ls1a2g3	The Shining is pulp. It's badly written. Kubrick thought so and was only interested in the premise. He didn't like the novel itself. ACO is fine but one of the best novels of all time? And he certainly didn't ruin it. He made an iconic film. But with a different aesthetic than the novel.
ls19cy7	Wow, quite compendious! In addition to what you've got, there's some excellent train destruction in the recently-restored disaster movie The Johnstown Flood, and there's a spectacular train crash that opens The Hands of Orlac. You already have them all, but just to be sure that I hit the sub's character limit I'll mention that I have [a Letterboxd list](https://letterboxd.com/dubiouslegacy/list/buster-keaton/detail/) ranking Buster Keaton movies by amount of train content! (Is there a train in College? It's on your list but I don't remember one.)
ls18g4b	I thought the practical effects were good but I didn’t think it had anything new to say in any meaningful or thought provoking way. It was one note that beat you over the head for 45 minutes too long.
ls16kz2	Sure, but the question wasn’t about whether there are any promising nuggets of better movies to come from this guy, it was about why the movie doesn’t have more of a cultural footprint. And this particular comment thread, including my comment, was just suggesting that it’s because it’s not that great of a movie on its own terms. It’s fair to disagree if you dig the movie, but being a small budget debut doesn’t make it not kind of boring and obnoxious. Obviously that’s subjective, but it’s why I’ve never recommended it anyway. To OP’s question, maybe that’s part of why it didn’t get more word of mouth buzz. It’s also totally possible that this comment thread isn’t representative of anything, IDK.
ls0zwc7	He has often played sensitive, slightly uncertain, boy-next-door types... but then he also played the nasty General Hux in The Force Awakens and other Star Wars universe films, so there's no simple answer!
ls0zroa	The progression of the voice in power is an interesting observation I've not considered. I like it.
ls0zm12	Umm her career ended in the mid 60s, what are you talking about? I'd say after Virginia Woolf her studio contract was over. She did shitty movies and cameos after. The Drivers Seat was actually a good script and done well, you just need to watch more independent movies.
ls0styk	He didn\`t know she was a school girl when they had sex.
ls0snnq	Almost like it’s, I dunno, a $700k directorial debut or something. Crazy!
ls0sik6	r/Iamverysmart much?
ls0r6tz	This has exactly zero bearing on how one should feel about it as a film.
ls0r3w4	Taxi Driver is pretty good
ls0r1n2	Dune is not subtle or slow lol. You have to be Marvel brain rotted beyond belief to believe that.
ls0qqgs	Is that masterful direction then? Or is it mediocre direction buoyed by a big budget and team?
ls0qode	They’re very expensive looking but I actually don’t think they’re great films (not even particularly good) for the reasons you’ve stated. Chalamet’s acting in the second is frankly laughable and they’re a substantial creative and visual downgrade from what he did on Blade Runner. The character development is deep as a puddle.
ls0oayt	"Routinely punished?" She got to live and not have her head spattered all over the windshield.
ls0nvhe	Is this a joke post? I really hope your not that insane...
ls0m7je	Agree too. He just wants money/wealth - to win the game. He didn't come from family of oil-men or nothing. Self taught. Oil wasn't the passion or end goal. If he thought selling ascots or monocles or penny-farthings in the west would have made him more incredibly rich faster, I bet he would have done that.
ls0lnpy	Always seemed strange how heavy the tools were that he struggles with. The rope was moving pretty smoothy through the pulley. Can't imagine what could be so heavy that would fit in that overflowing bucket. Were they stuck on something?! But yeah - silver was (and is) big business. He started with silver then went to oil. Not a stretch (historically or cinematically). I like the question though - I been out in NV for work lot recently. Interesting seeing gold and silver operations everywhere.
ls0l701	I agree that this film feels like a natural follow up to the first film. Arthur is much more real a person than a comic book joker and as a result, he had a more realistic ending. He also has much more humanity than any other joker.
ls0kkxc	What are the odds, the thread is 8 years old and we comment on it two days apart! I share your opinion. The atmosphere of the movie was very unique and there were lots of thoughtful “would I do the same in this situation?” moments. Recently read an interview with Eva Green that she gave decades after the movie was made, and it seems like everyone had fun on set and they stayed in touch, which is great.
ls0hsdd	I’m quite surprised everyone on American internet claims Joker was raped in the movie. He was clearly stripped, beat up and forcibly showered with cold water, with a sexual innuendo in one dialogue. The point seemed to be to strip him from the Joker persona and break him. Similar scenes happen often in prison dramas. But I don’t think it was really implied a guard literally penetrated him, I feel like people make that up. I’m usually good at getting hints from movies, and this situation feels odd.
ls0hk18	LOL
ls0hin2	i liked the protagonist too, but lady raven was really annoying. It was frustrating as hell how he kept letting her dunk on him over and over
ls0he05	a month or two after watching, and I realized the biggest plot hole of them all. He literally could of just walked out the door. They have no idea who the butcher's identity is, so how will they know they have him? Obviously he'd have to hide his phone just incase, but he seriously could of just got id'd after the concert and been home free. They'd look at his ID, say, "Okay, pretty unsuspecting normal father with his daughter," and let him through. Am I missing something? Does the fbi in this movie have mind reading ID scanners now?
ls0fhpc	Good point on the last paragraph. Villeneuve seems to sell the idea that they care about each other just because he tells us they do, despite them having like, 1-2 believable moments of chemistry
ls0fe6b	From a commercial perspective though the casting is perfect. I don’t know what casting could sell the characters more from a box office perspective lol
ls0f9iu	To be fair I think that’s mostly her accent being American while others have Spanish or Iranian accents. All are equally valid because none of them are really actually alien accents (of course the villains are disproportionately British lol) but to an American audience Zendaya sticks out.
ls0f0st	None of that excuses the boring-ass characters and exposition of Part 1.
ls0eybc	I don’t think he meant the world is appealing to live in, they meant appealing as a setting for purposes of the story.
ls0eui9	&gt; The movie opens with "spice is necessary for interstellar travel." That's not exactly detailed, but from a narrative perspective, it's everything you need to know That’s pretty much the least important thing to know about it for purposes of the characters in the book AND the film lol
ls0eo1o	Totally agree with you on Dune 1. Dune 2 is fantastic imo. But 1 is a slog with almost no character development even for Paul. Very pretty, sure, but as a story… it’s just backstory.
ls0cg1r	I'm glad someone liked it. I can see your points and will try a rewatch when I can endure the process. One thing that drove me nuts was that NYC, of all the politicians, powerbrokers, tech innovators,... in the future none are East Asians, South Asians, or Middle Easterners. In fact, the only Asians in the movie were the Chinese Acrobats. It's an example of why, I found it a dated movie from a dated genius. Reminded me of an old time musical, but it's not the 50's, 60's.... It might gain cult status, like Rocky Horror, but it also might end up interpreted as the delusional ramblings of a demented old man. Unlike Kubrick, I'm not sure if the micro-details in the film are deliberate or accidental. If I don't give it the benefit of the doubt or apologize for it's shortcomings, it doesn't stand up in my mind. But I'll try again with a more open mind. Half the critics liked it. I would like to appreciate it. I saw his early works in theaters, and some in 70mm. They were very important parts of my formative years. I saw APNow during it's first run and had a commemorative book that was passed out with admission. Wish I could find it.
ls0abzc	thank goodness somebody said this about the word "reactionary" lol. I see this word used all over social media especially Reddit when people actually mean "reactive" or probably more accurately "overreacting".
ls0a0rb	Yes, that's true, but film makers are notorious for taking source material and making it their own. In fact, isn't that what any true artist would do. For example, Stephen King hates The Shining. And SK had thirty years to play with the source material for EWS. So, IMHO the source material is basically irrelevant. Kubrick was absolutely crazy and totally OCD/Neurotic about details and messages in all his movies.And this was his last masterpiece. According to Wiki, "One scene of Cruise walking through a door was filmed 95 times." Yes, some of the theories seem far fetched. But it's much more fair to assume everything in the film has a purpose versus "sometimes a cigar is just a cigar." And of the many possible themes, hell, you could even call it a NYC Christmas Depression story. Similar to Lethal Weapon or Die Hard being Los Angeles Christmas Depression stories.
