mrtafs9	Wong Kar-Wai: although he works at a snail's place, he's an undeniable force in contemporary and all-time cinema. Paolo Sorrentino: current cinema's most unabashed maximalist. Although sometimes "style" overtakes him, he's one of the few filmmakers whose work feels inspired by a certain European, post-modern literary tradition. The modern day Fellini. Leos Carax: has taken up the mantle of Godard but still has a voice so uniquely his own. An uncompromising visionary who pushes the boundaries of narrative film. Martin Scorsese: goes without saying. No filmmaker has inspired a generation of filmmakers (PTA, Tarantino, Spike Lee, etc) more than him. He's a cultural touchstone who essentially became the face of auteurist cinema in the New Hollywood. Unlike some of his peers, he maintained that well into the 80s onwards, after the studios pulled the plug on handing directors complete creative control.
mrta9hu	Yea I was thinking about how they've been doing recently, like 21st century onwards.
mrta7wv	Che II is also a masterpiece, given it depicts the reality errors of Che's Bolivian campaign quite well, as I can testify, having hiked through that area and talked to some people who had met Che.
mrt6sk9	One thing I like about the book is how by the end of it, the shock has worn off and gotten tedious as if to show that even when it comes to murder Patrick is a boring tryhard who's probably full of shit. I don't know if that vibe is possible to capture in film.
mrt0hl5	Also I know it’s just a metaphor but fuck Mount Rushmore. It’s literally a crime against humanity.
mrt0f95	the final removes the entire 2nd playboy scene and shortens the plantation scene alot to focus on the romance more, which i think i a good parrael to the oppening about his wife and alchol. also some amazing duvall scenes are in it which are missing from the theatrical.
mrszyqb	People should really stop Mount Rushmoring things as it is growing tiresome. Mount Rushmore has no meaning outside the USA and there is no sensible connection between presidents and "filmmakers". Filmmakers are also more than just a director. A director is the manager of a movie and technically everyone involved in a film can be called a filmmaker.
mrszjmf	but the duvall scenes are amazing...
mrszejn	Is this based on what movies they are making today? Cause Scorsese is still working, PTA is still working, Steven Spielberg is still working. Even if their best work is behind them, there are a lot of filmmakers I would put up there.
mrszdxc	Martin Scorsese is indisputably on the Mount Rushmore. He's our greatest living filmmaker, who's still making great movies and pushing himself creatively. I'd also put Wes Anderson up there. I'm not sure who else. I prefer Park Chan-Wook over Bong Joon-Ho, personally. Lynne Ramsay is incredible, but she hasn't gotten to make as many films as she deserves to. I love Nolan but definitely wouldn't put him in the top four. The Coen brothers seem to have fallen off since splitting up. Hirokazu Kore-eda is amazing, but I need to see more of his stuff. And of course there are icons who are still alive but whose work in recent years doesn't compare to their best work, like Francis Ford Coppola.
mrszdy3	exactly all the duvall scenes are sooo good
mrsz8pc	Just a shockingly bad take
mrsyqil	Wes Anderson, Christopher Nolan, Denis Villeneuve, and Miyazaki are probably the 4 on my Rushmore, although idk if you call call Miyazaki working I think he retired. Maybe Fincher. I just think about the filmmakers where I will go see their next film, no matter what. I don’t need to know what it’s about, I trust them 100%
mrsxtt3	I walked out of Phantom Thread twice, still won’t watch Licorice Pizza, and I think Noah is super underrated, but apples to apples, I think PTA’s catalogue dog stomps Aronofsky. I’m also not sure how Nolan gets on here without mentioning Tarantino, who might be the most overrated director since Hitchcock, but has also probably done the most for popularizing auteur cinema. That said, any Mount Rushmore is gonna be pretty personal unless we throw up some metrics. (Like, I’ve got a Pavlovian desire to plug Wes Anderson in, but that’s probably just word association if I’m being honest.)
mrsupxj	PTA is certainly up there for me but his work certainly doesn't stand out as so good I'm obliged to put him on. He's made some awesome movies, but personally didn't understand the hype for things like Licorice Pizza or Phantom Thread
mrsupo2	That part where you say “everyone knows war is bad”. I think that’s the part that Garland would disagree with you on and would try to get people to see that clearly. He thinks extremists are ok with a civil war and they are ok with it because they aren’t talking to the other side and don’t realize how bad it will be. I get you don’t believe that’s his position or maybe that it’s so obvious that it doesn’t need to be said. But Garland perceives a number of people within countries as being to blasé about these risks and is trying to scream specifically at them: “Don’t do this!”
mrsu92o	How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA?
mrstugk	**Beneath the Planet of the Apes (1970, dir. Ted Post)** This film is as studio-manufactured as you can get. One part Planet of the Apes rehash and two parts pulp fiction sci-fi story about post-apocalyptic mutants, Beneath fails to hit the same novel beats of its predecessor. It's held back by its reliance on Planet of the Apes iconography and setpieces, wasting time with limp commentary on warmongering and eugenics before we explore the subterranean world of humans who've maintained their intellect. These sequences, while not particularly great, are novel and entertaining, calling to mind mid-century sci-fi stories like The Long Tomorrow and By the Waters of Babylon about the fate of humanity after a terrible war. A stronger focus on a society of survivors coping with nuclear conflagration by developing psychic "weapons of peace" that, while benign in intention, are still rather deadly would have made for a fine film, but poor pacing restricts all of this to the back half, and the film ultimately has nothing to say. Sprinkle some anti-war protesters (suffering under the boot of "gorilla brutality"), religious fanaticism, and unethical science experiments here and there, all we really have is a cavalcade of stale memories of a good movie and reminders of the limits of one's budget. But should I have expected anything more from a Planet of the Apes sequel?
mrspz6n	I'm a Bowie fan, but this concert film wasn't great. Maybe the pirated copy I saw was of lower quality, but Pennebaker did so much better with the other music docs he did. No dissing.
mrsmcg1	I don't want to be that guy, but I think you're underselling David Bowie as a songwriter. Yes, he's known for his charisma and his image, but he could also excel at creating guitar riffs and vocal hooks. And lyrics that really never descended into cliche.
mrslzi2	I'm not the one trying to get asses into seats.
mrslysv	Jesus the internet really is dead.
mrsj2xh	I’m the sort of person who is upset about films like Surf Ninjas not getting there just due as perfectly films for children to learn martial arts. Anyway, I hope everyone who reads this goes to movies. The movie theatre experience must not die.
mrshuok	And it's all gone now. Honestly I'm really glad you got to this thread as quick as you did. The Civil War posts on this sub are borderline extraterrestrial. With hundreds of votes backing completely baseless "analysis" of the film. It's like the Snyder bot army has pivoted to Garland.
mrsek9y	The director made three acclaimed serials - Fantomas, Les Vampires, and Judex. And Judex was remade in the 1960s as a feature film.
mrse49a	Oh, this Judex sounds like something I may like. In the last few weeks, I've been bored and restless with much of my watching, so I'll try this one for size. Thank you, Jupiter'.
mrsdu3n	Just saw the movie. \> Okay i get it, Emily did kill her hubby because Dr. Seabird encouraged her. And both then became the owner of Martin's money. No, Martin's money was most probably taken away when he was convicted of insider trading. It was different money - one Dr. Siebert got from Ablixa's competitors by working with Emily to tank Ablixa's reputation and thus increasing market share of its competitors. The plan was to get Emily prescribed the same by an unsuspecting Doctor (Dr Banks) and then Em committing murder and blaming it on a side effect Siebert had published info about. So Dr Banks (could have been any doctor) gets the blame for prescribing a dangerous drug (Ablixa) and Siebert and Em get the dirty money and enjoy their rich life as lovers. \> She confessed to not taking meds, faking her tears and Ablixa having no hallucinating effect on her. She did not confess to the law enforcement, just Dr Banks \> But then why did Jude Law prescribe her medication in the end? SHE IS NOT ILL. He starts planning it way before he gets her out of the mental instt (elaborate scenes to show us that), because she is a threat to him and I think for justice. So since he cannot get her locked up via a trial due to US' double jeopardy, roundabout way of still getting her locked up and in a place where he has total control over her stay (mental instt). \> In the end she yells 'HE'S DOING IT FOR THE MONEY!!!!" Because that's what Banks let her believe and then meeting with Siebert also didn't clarify. So, she still thinks that he actually got paid from the pharma and is just being greedy by taking away her and Siebert's share. The audience is shown what it actually was but she doesn't know. \> What money i dont understand? How will he get money if SHE is proved mentally ill? The money Dr Siebert got for doing what she and Em did for the pharma company. Dr Banks didn't want the money. He wanted his reputation, wife and life back which must have happened as soon as the drug's reputation was back - at the arrest of Dr Siebert, as it was a heavily publicised murder and proceeding.
mrsbuy6	I'm sorry but I just have to say this. You're absolutely cooked if this is the way you look at people.
mrsbjja	What In the Mood for Love captures so well is the quiet violence of restraint, how not speaking becomes its own kind of memory. It’s one of the rare films where interiority isn’t just shown, it’s felt, suspended in the space between two people who almost touched the life they wanted but couldn’t claim it. It lingers because it never resolves and maybe that’s the most honest thing about it.
mrsba74	There's way too much talking past each other at the moment here to get anywhere or learn anything. If you're interested in having a conversation that progresses, and if my points still seem so nonsensical, try plugging in the thread into an LLM, then come back. I take no joy in debating solely to take up excess brain cycles.
mrsb1lg	This is a great take—and you’re spot on about the importance of Mary Harron’s perspective. The film works precisely because it gives us distance from Patrick while still keeping us inside his orbit. That tension between proximity and critique is what makes it stick. I’m always struck by how rare it is—especially in American film—for a male character to have such an interior presence without it collapsing into glorification or complete detachment. Harron gives us access to his head without inviting us to stay there.
mrs9dg3	Well then you’re in luck because Luca is already working on it: https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/movies/movie-news/american-psycho-movie-luca-guadagnino-1236177949/
mrs7pil	**Week No. # 227 - Copied &amp; Pasted from [here.](https://tilbageidanmark.tumblr.com/tagged/movies)** * *"To paraphrase the Beatles, ‘there goes the sun’...” I love independent productions that tells "unusual" stories. The delightful new British **THE BALLAD OF WALLIS ISLAND** is just one. A past-his-prime famous British folk singer is paid £500,000 to play a concert at a remote island, only to discover when he gets there that the gig is for an audience of one: An eccentric ex-male nurse had won the lottery (twice!) and is the singer's biggest fan. A small personal drama that involves the two men and the singer's ex whom he hadn't seen for nine years, and deals with moving on from loss. [The trailer.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrsME1pfFJI) **9/10.** It is based on a shorter 2007 film, 'The One and Only Herb McGwyer Plays Wallis Island', which was written by the two actors. * **2 CZECH CLASSICS:** * **THE GARDENER'S YEAR** (2024) is a curious Czech drama about a laconic, old farmer who's being terrorized by a new owner of a nearby manor. The gardener has not a single line of dialogue in the whole movie, and the rich bully who tries to buy his property from under him is not seen at all, only referred to by his real estate agent. While the intimidations accelerate, the old man stoically and steadfastly continues to tend to his picturesque nursery. Based on a text by Karel Čapek, it's a Zen parable without a neat, simple ending. 7/10. * **THE VALLEY OF THE BEES** (1968), my first by František Vláčil. A 13 century drama, inspired by and similar in tone to 'The Seventh Seal'. A complex medieval story that opens with a child who gives a basket of live bats as a wedding gift to his father's young new bride. And it ends with the same son, after being raised as a knight-monk, returning to his childhood castle, only to marry his step-mother, who had since become a widow. But mostly it's about the love-hate friendship between the son Ondřej and his mentor-friend Armin, which is repressively erotic. But it is shown symbolically, and not overtly. It's a murky treatment of faith, religion and desire, full of Gregorian chants for the score. Next: His 'Marketa Lazarová', long considered to be one of the all-time greatest Czech films. * *“Madness! Madness!…”* First watch: **THE BRIDGE ON THE RIVER KWAI** (1957), only my 4th epic war film by David Lean. The treatment of the prisoners were not as harrowing as they were in the real POW camps, and the main conflict that fueled the drama was Alec Guinness's elitist move of refusing to let the British officers do manual labor, together with the enlisted men. Obviously, the Japanese engineers were incompetent, and the entertainment that the men put up when they finished the bridge was a drag show - naturally. * *“I guess you can’t pickle a pickle...”* The new **FIGHT OR FLIGHT** is not the type of thing I would normally like, but I did! A ridiculous gonzo action-comedy was very silly and so much fun. Drunk Josh Hartnett (who looks exactly like blond Bruce Willis) is a deranged mercenary in search of a high-value terrorist trapped on a plane full of international assassins. Impressive debut feature full of bloody killings and [cartoonish action so fast, that it's hard to follow.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KSeBwRA3pM) Please don't make it into a franchise! 7/10. Another Josh Hartnett gig, **THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT** (2004), was a short proof-of-concept Noir, made by Robert Rodriguez as a proposal for an adaptation of Frank Miller’s 'Sin City'. * **BIRDS FLYING EAST** (2024) is a bittersweet Spanish road movie comedy with 100 score on Rotten Tomatoes. A stuttering, dying lawyer who loves bird-watching hires a vivacious garage worker to drive him around. First they drive 500 kilometers to watch some cranes, and eventually they dead-end in a small village in Romania. Both are older men who had failed in everything they did, and they try to find small redemption during this perilous trip. * **MERCI POUR LE CHOCOLAT** ("Nightcap", 2000) is my 13th anti-thriller by Claude Chabrol, and my 4th one of his starring ice-queen Isabelle Huppert [They made a total of seven films all together]. This is a character study that takes place among the comfortable members of the Swiss bourgeoisie. And she's a duplicitous owner of a chocolate manufacturer, with a poisonous mind and murky motivations. I came for the Huppert, but stayed for the Chabrol. His assured sense of story-telling is always a joy to behold. However, the plot fizzled out toward the end, and made little sense. 7/10. * **2 MORE BY D. A. PENNEBAKER:** * *"It's all in code..."* My 8th musical documentary by Pennebaker, **ZIGGY STARDUST AND THE SPIDERS FROM MARS** is David Bowie's farewell concert from 3 July 1973 at the London Odeon. The final date of his Ziggy Stardust Tour, this was when Bowie made the surprise announcement that this would be "the last show that we'll ever do", later understood to mean that he was retiring his androgynous, alien space persona. Bowie was one of the greatest, a unique iconoclast, but with the exception of a few songs (Major Tom, Changes), his music here was actually secondary to his outlandish glam-rock personality and kitschy sexual performance. * **NOBODY LOVES YOU TIL SOMEBODY LOVES YOU** (1964) is an obscure little historical curiosity. Pennebaker attended (and recorded) [Timothy Leary's wedding to the young model who will be Uma Thurman's mother](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f40oDGhESHs) (It was his third of five marriages - her first of two). As expected in 1964, it has Baba Ram Dass as the best man, Charles Mingus playing the piano, sitar music, lots of cigarette smoking, the whole sixties vibes... 3/10. *[I actually met Timothy Leary once at a Jerry Rubin California party a few years before his death...]* * *"I think she's a honey. Look at those jugs..."* First watch: Hollywood loves to mythologize its history. Case in point, Tim Burton's 1994 **ED WOOD**. I only saw Wood's 'Plan 9 from out of space', and it was terrible, albeit not the 'worst movie' in history. Same with this which was mediocre, but not the worst biopic ever. At least it had cross dressing and sex change operation, and it had Martin Landau as Bela Lugosi, as well as the wonderful G. D. Spradlin. Johnny Depp is not much of an actor here. Cheap exploitation. * *"Oh, It's Stallone... I have to talk to him. I don't want to, but he still has my horse..."* A much better treatment of Hollywood itself, **THE STUDIO'S EPISODE 8, 'THE GOLDEN GLOBES'** which continues to deliver. Seth Rogan needs to hear his name when the winner thanks her team, and Ramy Youssef Emcees the glitzy affair. 9/10. * **DANISH DIRECTOR MADS KOUDAL X 4:** *A new discovery : He's a prolific independent auteur, who directed 19 movies (mostly shorts), and wrote, produced, edited and acted in over 100 movies. Each one of these is a different type of a story, but all are very well-made. [Maybe he's not as known as he should, because he's based in Århus, and not in Copenhagen?] To be added to the growing list of 'One-shot movies', his **[TRASH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox0ocNAQ8OY) ("Affald", 2023). A desperate mother who abandones her cute, new-born baby behind some garbage bins. It plays in some grungy Nørrebro alleyways and the shifts from one street character to another is too intense. **8/10.** * **DARK ANGEL** (2019) is another one shot in one impressive continuous shot. A terrorist is preparing to blow up a train with a dynamite charge, but at the last minute a vision of a silent woman helps him change his mind. 7/10. * In **BULLDOZER** ("Tonser", 2022) a 15 yo delinquent girl and the two friends she's able to control sadistically humiliates a feeble-minded grown man they meet on the pier. It's a simple and very uncomfortable watch. 7/10. * In **BETWEEN A ROCK AND A HARD PLACE** (2019), the grand dame of Danish Cinema, 81-yo Ghita Nørby, struggled with encroaching dementia, on the day when her grown-up down-syndrome daughter is being taken away from her. It's a touching and sad drama. * **2 SHORTS BY DAVID LOWERY:** * In **PIONEER** (2011), a father tells his son a dramatic bedtime story, about how he met his mother. * **MY DAILY ROUTINE** (Also 2011) is even shorter, an animated diary about his day. 5/10. * **MECHANICAL PRINCIPLES** is an abstract dance of moving gears, springs and levers, the engines of the machine age. Made by avant-garde filmmaker Ralph Steiner in 1930. * **[More – Here.](https://tilbageidanmark.tumblr.com/tagged/movies)**
mrs5cgv	Him or Lanthimos was what I was thinking
mrs53js	>Stepping away from all that, consider that your points are not wrong. Still, they continue to express some unary model of people acting as rational *homo economicus*, which is the mainstream view that precisely got us to where we are today. It's exactly the behavior I was trying to dissuade in the previous comment. I can agree that some people may be irredeemably evil. But consider that there were 199 defendants at the Nürnberg Trials, not the whole damn country of Germany. I don't think that was a mistake. Where are you getting any of this from what I said? Morality/ethics/beliefs aren't innately rational, and in many cases lead people to do things that go against the rational ideal imagined by economists. You're kinda proving my point about the political education (or lack thereof) of people in the US. You are still trying to break things down into this whole in group/out group dynamic, without examining what makes those groups in the first place. Because from the US perspective (and Garland's, given his comments in the interview) politics isn't a broad spectrum of ideals and beliefs that dictate how and why power is distributed, and instead is just team sports where you either like blue team or red team. Which (tying back to Garland) is the only way anyone over 5 can say that there's no real difference in morality or "good and bad" between political ideologies (we'll even ignore that the red/blue divide in the US doesn't actually include a political left). Just as the Eagles aren't any more innately good or bad than the Cowboys. Also, I never said anyone is irredeemably evil, again you're assuming things I never actually said. I'm not really sure what point you're trying to make about Nazi Germany either w/r/t to the Nuremberg trials, but given where many of the Nazi scientists and leaders ended up post-WWII it's probably not the point you think it is. Regardless, the issue isn't that we don't hug nazis enough and treat them normally or w/e. No, you DON'T have to listen to nazis. You have to fight them, and make it known those beliefs aren't accepted, while also combatting the underlying material conditions that allow those beliefs to grow and fester.
mrs29d4	Watch the movie again
mrs1s8a	But he “both sides”-ed his interview. Everyone knows war is bad. This isn’t insightful. He’s saying “you’re going to start a war over disagreeing about two ways to run a state.” So that’s his take. He thinks that about the current political situation in the US.
mrs03po	This is a great suggestion. I saw this in a film lesson when I was a teen and it was definitely a hit with all of us. This year is it's 30 year anniversary (!), so there are/will be some nice accessible contemporary writing floating about. I know Michael Wood's just done one for the London Review of Books.
mrrzgvz	Found the person who's never been sexually assaulted
mrrzaxj	You know what’s weird? Thinking just bc you’re the same age as Cruise, he should look as terrible as you likely do. Give us a break, boomer.
mrryymm	Maybe that’s a you problem? I can tell you the main plot points and moments of all 7 films. Maybe you should pay better attention? Idk.
mrryvpv	>This is ridiculous, because it ignores entirely the fact that for many people, And for many others? Compare how long, or what volume of humans have lived according to in-tribe / out-tribe dynamics vs according to the ethos of several candidate countries, and choosing the one that best fits them. The best fit largely just being where there was the most economic opportunity. Time has certainly optimized us for one more than the other. >Not only was Roosevelt working to get the US into the war, What would you estimate his chances of success to be, at sending US men abroad to another war, 25 years after the previous one didn't do anybody any good - without Pearl Harbor? Save for Japan's expansion etc etc >how do you figure in the resulting peace deal that the USSR somehow convinces the nazis to free France I don't figure that would happen, that's my point. Stepping away from all that, consider that your points are not wrong. Still, they continue to express some unary model of people acting as rational *homo economicus*, which is the mainstream view that precisely got us to where we are today. It's exactly the behavior I was trying to dissuade in the previous comment. I can agree that some people may be irredeemably evil. But consider that there were 199 defendants at the Nürnberg Trials, not the whole damn country of Germany. I don't think that was a mistake.
mrrym2r	They really are.
mrrylxb	Well your username literally has the word “kid” in it, but also your conflation of “humanizing” with “likability” is a telltale sign of immaturity. What do you think constitutes ”humanizing” a character? If you think that it’s just making the character “relatable” to the audience, then you’ve lost the plot. Humans are deeply complex and exist in grayed moralities Being “relatable” is one dimensional; being human is multidimensional. With Ivan, he’s a bratty man-child. He’s selfish, he treats the workers around him as beneath him, and he discards Anora without any full consideration for her emotions. Are his actions “likeable” or “relatable”? No, they’re not. However, if you’ve ever been around people in his station, you’d know that this is a very accurate portrayal of someone like this: seeing the world as his personal playground without consideration for the people living in it. He’s still an enjoyable character (because Eydelshteyn envies the role with his own goofy charisma), but that doesn’t mean that we’re supposed to “like” or “identify” with the character’s actions. We as the audience can enjoy him as a character while being reviled by his actions. For Anora, yes, she does dare to grasp at the dream of a better life. It’s well established that she does have a sincere attraction for Ivan but there also is a monetary advantage to accepting his proposal: she would no longer need to worry about money. Her fairy tale romance comes with financial security, and that is her grasping at a better life for herself. It’s why she confirms Ivan’s seriousness with the proposal and why she fights like hell against Igor and the other henchman when they come to take that dream away. It’s also why the inevitable end to the marriage hits so much harder; not only are her emotions abused and cast aside by someone she’s convinced herself to love, but her financial security is down the toilet as well. It doesn’t make her greedy, it makes her human. Going into the marketing, yes Anora is marketed as a Cinderella story, and it very much is a Cinderella story. My partner will often joke that “Cinderella is the film that is responsible for [his] delusions of reality,” and that sentiment rings true in a film like Anora. Believing in fairy tales sets us up for unrealistic expectations that everything will work out in the end, that all problems will be resolved with true love’s kiss and a happily ever after. It’s a fairy tale that ultimately has to come to terms with reality. Not satirically, but in a way that reminds its audience that believing in fairy tales will ultimately clash with reality.
mrryl9n	Looking forward to your motorcycle stunt.
mrryhkx	Dumb.
mrrxppv	I just wish they gave a description of film on the site. I love little films but mostly don’t know what to watch without just a little idea of what to expect. But $72 for the year was a bargain. Highly recommend.
mrrw9x7	How could I be in the thread arguing my opinion if I'm a robot? Look through my profile and you'll see I'm a real person. What a schizo ass comment.
mrruqow	I’m curious. I think the male gaze is a crucial theme in the source material. How do you think its removal could add to the commentary on the brutality of bourgeois alienation and detachment in contemporary capitalist society?
mrrs711	I really wish he still made content like that
mrrq44p	Hell to Eternity, and REVENGE (2010s) We covered these for our podcast, which is focused on the history of squibs this season. The good, the pod, and the ugly. Hell to Eternity is the first major Hollywood film to use squibs. It’s not great - it’s 2+ hours and should be 1hr45 max. BUT, it’s got incredibly realistic war footage, the first portrayal of Asian internment in the US, and a lot of ambivalence about war. It also has a very regrettable 10 minute long drunken striptease scene that ends in what we now think of as sexual assault. Big influence on Full Metal Jacket and Eastwood’s 15:17 to Paris. REVENGE is a rape revenge fantasy from the director of The Substance. I thought Substance was ok, but really admired the extremities of the last 30 minutes. REVENGE is pretty good, less intense and not as 1-note as The Substance. Foregat is still not my bag, but I think she’s very talented.
mrrp7ef	I am guessing you're not a black person please do your research on the film and the symbolism the point isn't for it to be a flashy , terrifying vampire film it's showing the cultures of black people in the 1930s and how power hungry people (culture vultures) try to exploit these cultures and gifts it also speaks about how church was used to oppress different communities of people . Rewatch it and do research please
mrrp2mg	You seem like the kind of person who only values the “monumental”, 3 hour epics when it comes to best picture. Oppenheimer is well done certainly, and I don’t think it’s trash (unlike EEAAO), but at the end of the day, it’s yet another WW2 Biopic - Oscar Catnip. At the end of the day, film is a mode of story telling, and Anora tells an original and human story that I find to be very resonant and evocative of past great BP winners (I.e., The Apartment).
mrromqj	I haven’t seen the movie but it would seem to me that you answered the question already: After the war he was sent back to 2022, the year in which he originally departed from, then lived another 7 years.
mrrko0r	Same! In the latter half I was just praising her like "W wife fr" and stuff
mrrjr11	>When picking a side, what will always override moral comparisons between sides is with which side you identify, and whether you can see yourself on the other side. This is ridiculous, because it ignores entirely the fact that for many people, their morality/ethics/beliefs drive their politics and not vice-versa. And it's childish to think that the way to beat nazis is just to be more friendly with them-we've seen for instance in the US the media's flirtation and normalization of extreme rightwing beliefs has only made people MORE rightwing rather than less. >Re: your historical examples, the US wouldn't have entered WW2 were it not for Pearl Harbor. The USSR and Nazi Germany would've ground each other into a paste, and neither one being the winner suggests that occupied France, Central Europe, etc would be promoting liberal values today, given their track record. I have seen nothing historical say that this is the case at all. Like, are you just making stuff up? Not only was Roosevelt working to get the US into the war, but Germany's war engine was already failing because they lacked a lot of the resources needed and had basically already transformed the country to full war economy and driving everything to the war effort. Also even if they just grind each other into paste how does Central Europe or France magically free themselves? Also, Nazi Germany invaded the USSR, they weren't fighting in some neutral territory? But assuming they come to some sort of standstill, how do you figure in the resulting peace deal that the USSR somehow convinces the nazis to free France and their capture Central European territories? The whole reason Garland's terrible movie can even be looked at seriously in the US is because people's entirely concept of history and politics is so fucked up here.
mrrjmjk	I'm not sure this is the sort of movie this sub is intended for. Yeah, corny action scifi is going to corny. It's just a mediocre, big dumb kinda fun movie. It won't hold up to scrutiny.
mrrif1h	​**Flow** (2024) \*\*\*\* The animation is frustrating because for all its gorgeous, realistic details, the animals look like low-res gifs. Aside from that, it's a terrific survival adventure in a surreal world that's never fully explained. I loved how the animals were so expressive and yet always behaved as animals. Their intent was clear without over-anthropomorphizing them. It reminded me of The Bear (1989) or Seasons (2015). **Brokeback Mountain** (2005) \*\*\*\* I don't have much to say about this except that it's an excellent forbidden romance movie that keeps the bigotry mostly in the background so it can focus on the relationship (but the bigotry is still pervasive). There's excellent performances from everyone and gorgeous mountain scenery, but the guitar twangs get old after a while. **My Favorite Year** (1982) \*\*\*\* Another one of those movies that I've only seen bits and pieces of but never sat through the whole thing. My impression was that it was a zany, slapstick comedy, but that's only in a few moments. The rest is a clever behind-the-scenes farce of a Sid Caesar-like TV show and portrait of a fading movie star (from an idea by Mel Brooks, who the main character is based on). Peter O'Toole gives a remarkable performance that is both crass and class at the same time, which is quite a feat. The only thing I didn't like was the flat, hazy look that represented "nostalgia" at the time, which is probably why I never bothered watching it all the way through. **Intruder in the Dust** (1949) \*\*\*\* A black man is arrested for murder in Mississippi and a lynch mob shows up eager to hang him. I've read this is the most faithful adaptation of a Faulkner novel, and it was filmed in his home town of Oxford, which gives it a lot of authenticity. It's a richly detailed story deftly directed by Clarence Brown, although it lacks the powerful climax that it needs to really hit home. I'm also not a fan of David Brian as the lawyer. He doesn't give it enough nuance, although I may be unfairly tainted by Atticus Finch. Still, for its time it's a harsh and unflinching look at prejudice in the South. And that title is awful. **Judex** (1916) \*\*\* A thirteen part serial that starts out as a revenge story against a wealthy banker but turns on itself when Judex falls in love with the banker's daughter. There are a lot of kidnappings that are foiled by comic book coincidences, and Judex lives in a cool castle overlooking a valley with lots of "high tech" gadgets that he rarely uses. You also get the sexy vamp Musidora (Irma Vep in Les Vampires) and two adorable kids that practically steal the show. The best part is the incredible restoration that makes the film look brand new. You can even see the texture of the clothing. It's a real window in time. [Watch it here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0DDLXkhpbo&list=PLRDH2PxPKp1-KdmULBJgoWVPImdgl7rEr).
mrrglua	I think you misunderstand Garland. I think he fears that people are flippantly ignoring the risks of a Civil War and he is trying to make sure that people take that risk seriously with the movie. That all sides take that risk seriously. The whole movie can be summarized with the quote from the movie: “I thought I was sending a message home: Don’t do this. But here we are.” I don’t think he is trying to say that all wars are unjustified or that everyone should go along with fascism. I think he’s saying “take this risk very seriously and don’t be flippant about it. Because what people are risking is horrible.” Similar to a Cold War anti-nuclear war movie showing the horrors of the nuclear war regardless of judging either capitalism or communism.
mrrfne7	Your points re: the movie's message invite a deeper wade into politics than is prob usual for the sub. That said, mods permitting: When picking a side, what will always override moral comparisons between sides is with which side you identify, and whether you can see yourself on the other side. A lot of this is cultural and image-driven, and the latter either reinforces or reduces polarization. Arguing which side's more in line with the law and saying "*therefore, join or be a traitor*" has little to do with successfully converting people from the supposedly more errant side. Calling them stupid isn't going to help either. Mind you, the movie doesn't make this claim. Its claim is moral superiority/inferiority goes out the window in wartime. There's the hope that moral superiority increases one side's numbers, but obv that's not inherently true. My take is Garland hoped the audience would conclude the above, if he showed a modern-day hypothetical of a civil war happening today. The best strategy for political shift and avoiding civil conflict IMO is, and I say this unironically, friendship. E.g. forming genuine connections and encouraging listening with those not already 100% aligned with your beliefs. **This** is the central thesis of all anti-Facebook, anti-social media manipulation pieces, be it documentaries (*The Social Dilemma, This Place Rules*) or political campaigns, that *always* seems to get lost in the messaging. This is what's crucial for one side's fanatics to seriously consider switching, rather than dying for their cause. Re: your historical examples, the US wouldn't have entered WW2 were it not for Pearl Harbor. The USSR and Nazi Germany would've ground each other into a paste, and neither one being the winner suggests that occupied France, Central Europe, etc would be promoting liberal values today, given their track record.
mrrfi5w	**The Thin Red Line (1998, Terrence Malick)** — *The Thin Red Line* is a good movie, with flashes of greatness, and yet at the same time I feel strangely disappointed in it. To see a director as bold and creative as Terrence Malick tackle an idea as played-out as “war is hell” feels like watching someone use a sledgehammer to swat a fly. The movie’s best moments are generally in its quiet, reflective scenes, where it’s at its most characteristically Malickian. But when focus shifts back to the battles themselves — which is most of the time — despite the gorgeous cinematography, it still never quite escapes the feeling of “been there, done that”. **7/10** **The Truman Show (1998, Peter Weir) — re-watch** — *The Truman Show* is one of those rare movies that is easily recognized as part of a trend, and yet at the same time feels completely unlike anything else. So many of the hit movies of the late ‘90s were about characters having some great epiphany about how fake their mundane life is and seeking to break out — sometimes involving literally breaking out of a constructed counterfeit world, as in here or *The Matrix*, but sometimes in a more philosophical and poetic sense, as in *American Beauty* or *Fight Club*. And yet Truman, as a character, stands out so completely from all the other protagonists of this trend that it almost feels wrong to put the movie in the same category at all. In most of the other big examples of this formula from that era, the dominant moods are feelings of rage, resentment and entitlement; oftentimes it seems (intentionally or not) as though the protagonist is less concerned with actually getting out of their fake world and more concerned with berating, punishing or even killing the people who continue to live there. And, in theory, Truman has far better reason to be angry and resentful than any of them, given that everyone in his life is actually, deliberately conspiring to keep him trapped in the deception. And yet, as Jim Carrey plays him, he has such an aura of childlike innocence about him that the thought never seems to occur to him. It feels, above all else, like a story of hope and excitement. It doesn’t play as the story of someone realizing how soul-crushing his fake life is, so much as the story of someone realizing how much more wonder and excitement the *real* world contains than any illusion one could dream up. I think that’s why it’s one of the very few movies from this trend that really holds up; you can keep returning to it again and again, and find it’s still just as wondrous as you remembered it. **10/10** **American Beauty (1999, Sam Mendes) — re-watch** — The first time I watched *American Beauty*, I took some notes that ended as follows: “if you cut about 2 hours from this movie, it would be 2 minutes too long”. As I started to re-watch it, it initially seemed like it was just as insufferable as I’d remembered it being. But then, about a half-hour in, I suddenly realized that I have better things to do with my time than re-watch movies I already know I hate. So, I turned it off. Since I didn’t actually get through most of *American Beauty* this week, I’m not going to give it a rating, but I’m including it here anyway for completeness’ sake. **The Road Home (1999, Zhang Yimou)** — Before I got the idea to do a journey through film history, I don’t think I’d ever actually heard of Zhang Yimou. I’ve now seen three of his films, and while I liked all of them well enough, I don’t really feel like I’d have been missing out on that much if I continued to have never heard of him. This one was about the same level of quality as his earlier drama *To Live*, and I give it the same rating of **7/10**. **In The Mood for Love (2000, Wong Kar-wai) — re-watch** — Going into this re-watch, I knew I’d seen *In the Mood for Love* before, but I couldn’t remember enough about it to have much of an expectation for what re-watching it would be like. On this re-watch, I enjoyed it more than I remember enjoying it the first time, but I’m not exactly surprised that very little of it stayed in my mind. It’s a good movie, with nice cinematography, strong lead performances, and well-written dialogue. But a lot of critics consider it one of the best movies of the 2000s, if not of all time, and I just don’t see it. To me, the biggest thing that holds *In the Mood for Love* back from being a masterpiece is the same problem I have with the *Before…* movies: it’s a whole lot of buildup to, ultimately, little or nothing of consequence happening. Some critics might call that a bold subversion of expectations; I just call it boring writing. **7/10** **Gladiator (2000, Ridley Scott) — re-watch** — A lot of critics I follow seem to hold *Gladiator* in contempt, and last time I watched it, I couldn’t understand why. After this re-watch, though, I feel like I get it a bit more now. It has its strengths, but it’s nowhere near the masterpiece I’d remembered it being. The thing about *Gladiator* is that when it’s at its strongest, it’s strong in a way that’s really, spectacularly unforgettable, and when it’s at its weakest, it’s weak in the blandest, most forgettable way possible. That makes it easy to forget just how few and far between the good parts actually are. There are two ways that one can divide *Gladiator* into parts that largely work and parts that really don’t. Almost all the parts of *Gladiator* that work are largely carried by Russell Crowe in the lead role. Nowhere near all, but a substantial proportion of the parts that don’t work are largely ruined by Joaquin Phoenix as the main antagonist. It’s not exactly that Phoenix gives a bad performance, so much as he gives an out-of-place one. *Gladiator* is, intentionally, written as a conflict between two broad, archetypal characters who have little depth or complexity, and it needed actors who could play it that way. Crowe seems to understand this, and does not try to turn Maximus into a three-dimensional human being; instead, he plays Maximus simply as the Roman ideal of moral authority embodied, and he nails it perfectly. The movie tends to be at its best when it just lets Crowe talk as much as it can — the way he says the iconic line “father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next” gives me chills just thinking about it. Phoenix’s performance, though, doesn’t quite seem willing to play Commodus as the embodiment of pure, uncontrollable wickedness that he needed to be. He starts to improve in the second half, but he spends far too long trying to wring some kind of tragic or sympathetic depth out of what are clearly meant to be hammy, over-the-top villain lines. He’s trying to play Macbeth when the role calls for Darth Vader. Another division is that between the dialogue and the action sequences. Traditionally, in Hollywood’s ancient-history epics, the set pieces tended to be the highlights and the dialogue tended to be the weak area. In *Gladiator*, it’s largely the opposite — less because the dialogue is all that great, and more because the action sequences all kind of look like shit. Watching the set pieces here, it’s hard to believe that this is the work of an actual enormously acclaimed director, because the abuse of shaky cam and constant, haphazard rapid cutting with no apparent rhyme or reason makes it feel basically indistinguishable from all the other studio hackwork that Hollywood put out in the 2000s. In fact, even outside of the action sequences, almost everything in the movie just looks kind of strangely ugly. I’m not sure if this movie was the origin of the trope where Hollywood historical dramas are all weirdly under-lit and filled with drab brown colours, but it’s definitely one of the most notable examples. It might sound like I’m describing a bad movie, or at least one that’s just passable, rather than a good one. That wasn’t my intention when I started writing this — I knew I had been disappointed by re-visiting it, but as I watched it, I felt like I was enjoying it enough to give at least a mildly positive review. And yet, outside of the lead performance — a pretty significant thing, granted — I’ve found it pretty hard to come up with much to praise it for. Maybe it’s not that good after all. **5/10** **Movie of the week**: *The Truman Show*
mrrcrxi	Dang, I never thought of it that way... Maybe we should just have all actresses only have real sex on camera from now on? Would definitely make things simpler
mrrcffm	You did it again: I did not say “arguing about the morality of war without doing war is meaningless grandstanding” and even then, it’s a logical fallacy to say that arguing theoretical without practical is meaningless. There is no deductive reasoning displayed in what you just presented. It’s a series of false equivalences.
mrrccyu	Just saw Top Gun: Maverick yesterday, and it was one of the best films I've ever seen in my long life. Bookended, oddly, by pure schmaltz. I spent most of the movie in awe at how great it was, and yet never watched the last five minutes, because it had suddenly turned away from realism and taken on this uncanny overly-happy feeling that you also get in LOTR: ROTK when everyone is jumping on the bed in slo-mo. But it's so much better than the original, and so much better than what I've been seeing lately. Probably watch it again today.
mrrbhe4	True, it was an embarrassing and crappy way to post something and wrong to ask people to take the time to read it given I didn’t give it the proper time to edit. Being busy but excited to talk about it isn’t proper justification. It’s been taken down, but I do feel the need to accept it was a crap post.
mrrb05n	If you say arguing about the morality of war without doing war is meaningless grandstanding => arguing theoretical without practical is meaningless grandstanding => philosophy, which is essentially pure theory, is meaningless grandstanding. Logical deductive reasoning derived from your own claims.
mrray2z	You can come up with all this analysis but you can't do simple editing without AI? Credibility is tenuous.
mrralub	Yes, that was just blatant misuse of the prompt without checking it. All of these criticisms are embarrassing and well taken. I’ve removed them as they greatly weakened the point, and I’ve left it as my original without the attempted “cleanup”. We’ll still disagree, but you’re both absolutely correct on this.
mrraagu	lol, now he has edited those places out
mrr9zs5	I called the position meaningless grandstanding without skin in the game, it’s a hell of a breach of debate ethics to blatantly straw man what I said into “philosophy shouldn’t exist”. But then again, you’re the one saying one should argue for wars one doesn’t fight. But that at the end also a fair point. It’s quite likely “my Garland” isn’t the real Garland. And regardless, any film ends up being a vision by more than just the writer/director. The Jesse Plemons scene wasn’t even originally in the script. But I still think there’s much more value in the movie than it’s given credit for.
mrr8zry	And some of the descriptions are just off: >where moments of camaraderie and even beauty are casually punctured by absurd, meaningless violence. Not quite an accurate description of the vibes, doesn't really happen like that. >where strip malls still stand Only one strip mall is really shown. Technically the building stands, but it is abandoned. As if these are key words from a summary of the film an AI has regurgitated.
mrr8cg4	>Any accusations of centrism in discourse about warfare (other than to condemn war crimes, genocide, etc.) are, in my opinion meaningless grandstanding unless it comes from those engaging in or those who have engaged in warfare for an ideal. So philosophy shouldn't exist? Surprising take. Death of the author is a fair point to argue. Obviously every person can choose to have their own interpretation that differs with the intention of the author. But your post was full of sentences along the lines of "Garland does it this way because X" or "people think garland did X but he actually did Y". Implying you are evidencing your claims by his intentions. In that case what he has directly says does matter. I think, if you go by director's intention, he made a centrist film. Both sides are bad and should feel bad. Which - unintentionally I think - results in a recommendation that if there is a fascist dictators then just let him do his thing. Fighting is bad after all.
mrr8cdn	\&gt; Any accusations of centrism in discourse about warfare (other than to condemn war crimes, genocide, etc.) are, in my opinion meaningless grandstanding unless it comes from those engaging in or those who have engaged in warfare for an ideal. This is the most empty-headed, blindly patriotic, and anti-intellectual take I've seen all day. Thankfully it's only 11AM and there's certainly something out there which will take the cake.
mrr81jq	I think you might be surprised what most men would actually be into but hold back because of the belief that their wives wouldn’t be down.
mrr7nlx	To tack on to the AI-generated possiblity, the language is extremely inconsistent and highly indicative of language models. This level of vocabulary, in film dissection, would likely come with familiarity with film terms and this post practically took an entire paragraph to articulate what a "needle drop" is... as if this film invented the concept. Really really really bad take on this blatantly ok film.
m9hk0jd	I like that a lot. Do you have a Letterboxd account? I'd like to follow you!
m9hjvgw	And after sex he just plays video games and ignores her
m9hfnx1	I am amazed I made it through the entire movie. It was so incredibly bad. I do not understand how you can enjoy this movie outside of good acting. The plot is awful. The execution is terrible. The last 45 minutes are a borderline hate crime. They couldn’t figure out how to end the movie so they just do everything imaginable. None of it makes any sense. This is a 0/10 movie for me that’s brought to a 2/10 because the acting was pretty good. Usually I get it for reviews and am about on track with what people think, but good lord was this such a waste of time. It felt like a horny 16 year old boy wrote this movie, forgot about the movie, and then just decided to end it with all the special effects they could think of for 45 minutes. Awful.
m9hf4wo	I’m with you.
m9hf426	I'm struggling to understand why OP isn't allowed to talk about a newer film in this sub. This isn't r/OldFilm, it's r/TrueFilm.
m9hf1hp	I doubt the oligarch dad is a good person, in any way a western humanist audience would accept. He's simply left running the family up to the mom and doesn't care to interfere with her iron fist because it benefits him to be left out of it. Pretty standard setup in the upper echelons of patriarchal Russia.
m9hdwis	Yeah, I'm someone who *loves* musicals, and the vague outline of this story actually *does* seem well-suited to a musical. But instead of leaning into the "larger than life" elements, it seems like they're trying to keep it grounded despite (1) it being a musical blend of a telenovela and Greek tragedy and (2) the director openly having zero knowledge of the subject matter he's touching on. And separately on the musical front, most of the shots are pretty zoomed in and blocking much of the choreo. And then many of the choreo choices just feel odd - what are we using the phone for in Bienvenida? What's with the hair/crotch thing in El Mal? Seems like he was just as disinterested in understanding musicals as he was in understanding Mexico or trans issues.
m9hdmcb	This *is* a place to discuss movies.
m9hd7nb	Don't listen to that dude. I don't even like this movie, and I think your post was good. You took the time to study the film in depth, and I can appreciate that, even when it's about a movie that I didn't like.
m9hd0pe	I understand Barbie's message. Like I said it is shallow and I do not agree with it.
m9hc915	I agree, the idea that it could have been a plot by the shareholders is almost not raised.
m9hc0v0	The truth that same intolerant attitude is the one that one later complains when they treat us in the same way, as if we were not foolish. That said, the businessmen deranged the protagonist to keep the actions.
m9hbt5p	I think that the businessmen unhinged the protagonist to keep the shares, since in one part one tells him of a conspiracy, but then he betrays him.
m9hbp8l	I believe that the businessmen unhinged the protagonist to keep the shares.
m9hbaa9	I think we're to understand she's very much in charge. She's the one on the phone berating their fixer for letting this happen. she's marching in front of everyone off of the plane. They tell the dad about having to go to Vegas quietly in confidence and he defers to them to tell her so not to be the messenger. I think everyone in the story is a good person, but they do shitty things in service of her. It's one of the several ways Anora defies expectations.
m9ha0bm	&gt;I think the line between toy/love often blurs I think you're right here. I actually think there is a certain relatableness in Vanya. In a way I was almost reminded of a relationship I had early in my life where I had the same kinda boyish naivety. Maybe the intention is to show how grey it can be. I guess Vanya is shown as someone who maybe doesn't understand what these connections really mean. For Ani, I think she felt love but has zero idea on how to express it, between her lonely existence and having a job where she fakes that stuff for money. I guess it's a blurry line between transactional and real feelings.
m9h9qac	I just disagree. Number one, to me the rape scene was not over the top. It is surprising, there's definitely feeling of dread in the lead up to it, but there isn't a build up to a sexualized attack that would make it titillating to the audience. It is shot from a clinical mid-distance, it's brief, and you cannot really see Brody's face during it. For a movie with a fair amount of nudity, there's zero skin showing. As far as depictions of rape on screen go, this one is restrained, minimally sexualized, and as unexploitative as it gets. Rape is a crime that of domination that surrounds it's victim with a tremendous amount of shame. It is a tipping point for Lazslo to slide into American repression so deeply that he is completely disconnected from Erzbet (behind the locked door) and drowning in such shame that only morphine allows him to ignore the shame lot enough to physically connect with his wife and be honest about what happened. And Erzbet's public accusation of such a deep source of shame for both Van Buren and his son is what causes Van Buren to evaporate and Lazslo to flourish. I cannot think of what other line Van Buren could have crossed or what other crime he would have committed that would have brought the same level of shame and repression upon Lazslo, for which the reconnection of Erzbet and Lazslo would be a poetic counterbalance, and the public airing of which would cause an existential threat to Van Buren.
m9h9eki	Thank you for your kind words. 'The true mark of maturity is when somebody hurts you and you try to understand their situation instead of trying to hurt them back'. I think people who doesn't process insecurities in a healthy way tend to project them, especially towards unconventional people.
m9h8fix	Wow that’s insane! I also read the Bp oil rig explosion and spill happened on the first day of filming
m9h8280	I get it, for me they can both be like that. Back in 2023, *Poor Things* certainly made a lot more buzz than *Anatomy of a Fall*. In 2019, Cannes had *Parasite* but Venice had *Joker.*
m9h7qhc	Your last post in truefilm was also a "film from last year" lmfao can you please be serious
m9h7mqm	person posts one of the longest and most in-depth analyses of a film in a while, including support with quotes and particular moments in the film to back up their claims, and your first instinct is to cry about it and then claim vote manipulation lol. for what it’s worth, I downvoted your comment before I upvoted the thread. if you want a community like this to thrive, what’s the point in complaining on posts like these when there’s plenty of low-grade, bottom of the barrel posts being made here daily? at least take it to one of those, not someone providing genuine insight and a defense of a character that most people tend to infantilize and reject their feelings/motives because of that infantilization. this is so counterproductive.
m9h7gfu	That's interesting point analyzing sex position. I think the line between toy/love often blurs. After the strip dance scene, she blurs the line saying "You paid for an hour you can have another go" and the position there isn't doggy. During the marriage montage scene when they are having sex in the office, it's also not doggy. So I guess those moments represents genuine connection between them, whether that's enough to be called love, imo I think so. Very fleeting, but I would say they were in love.
m9h6mqm	Thanks for this very in depth discussion of these themes and ideas. I have to think more about this in context of the film but I think this is a valuable perspective I definitely didn't have when I watched so thank you for that. A lot of it rings true for me. Sorry that some people don't want in depth discussion just because the film is more recent than the ones he prefers. One user doesn't get to decide what films are truefilm worthy or not, to me this absolutely fits. Posts like this will always be welcome here even if there are a couple stuffy jerks who throw temper tantrums when something isn't exactly to their liking.
m9h6g3p	Is she? Or is Dad perhaps also, happy to sit back and laugh at the drama he should be taking a big part of the responsibility for? Leaving the mom to play 'bad cop' like it's none of his concern.
