0	914	Wong Kar-Wai: although he works at a snail's place, he's an undeniable force in contemporary and all-time cinema. Paolo Sorrentino: current cinema's most unabashed maximalist. Although sometimes "style" overtakes him, he's one of the few filmmakers whose work feels inspired by a certain European, post-modern literary tradition. The modern day Fellini. Leos Carax: has taken up the mantle of Godard but still has a voice so uniquely his own. An uncompromising visionary who pushes the boundaries of  [...]
1	84	Yea I was thinking about how they've been doing recently, like 21st century onwards.
2	196	Che II is also a masterpiece, given it depicts the reality errors of Che's Bolivian campaign quite well, as I can testify, having hiked through that area and talked to some people who had met Che.
3	262	One thing I like about the book is how by the end of it, the shock has worn off and gotten tedious as if to show that even when it comes to murder Patrick is a boring tryhard who's probably full of shit. I don't know if that vibe is possible to capture in film.
4	99	Also I know it’s just a metaphor but fuck Mount Rushmore. It’s literally a crime against humanity.
5	270	the final removes the entire 2nd playboy scene and shortens the plantation scene alot to focus on the romance more, which i think i a good parrael to the oppening about his wife and alchol. also some amazing duvall scenes are in it which are missing from the theatrical.
6	353	People should really stop Mount Rushmoring things as it is growing tiresome. Mount Rushmore has no meaning outside the USA and there is no sensible connection between presidents and "filmmakers". Filmmakers are also more than just a director. A director is the manager of a movie and technically everyone involved in a film can be called a filmmaker.
7	36	but the duvall scenes are amazing...
8	233	Is this based on what movies they are making today? Cause Scorsese is still working, PTA is still working, Steven Spielberg is still working. Even if their best work is behind them, there are a lot of filmmakers I would put up there.
9	697	Martin Scorsese is indisputably on the Mount Rushmore. He's our greatest living filmmaker, who's still making great movies and pushing himself creatively. I'd also put Wes Anderson up there. I'm not sure who else. I prefer Park Chan-Wook over Bong Joon-Ho, personally. Lynne Ramsay is incredible, but she hasn't gotten to make as many films as she deserves to. I love Nolan but definitely wouldn't put him in the top four. The Coen brothers seem to have fallen off since splitting up. Hirokazu Kore-e [...]
10	43	exactly all the duvall scenes are sooo good
11	26	Just a shockingly bad take
12	323	Wes Anderson, Christopher Nolan, Denis Villeneuve, and Miyazaki are probably the 4 on my Rushmore, although idk if you call call Miyazaki working I think he retired. Maybe Fincher. I just think about the filmmakers where I will go see their next film, no matter what. I don’t need to know what it’s about, I trust them 100%
13	590	I walked out of Phantom Thread twice, still won’t watch Licorice Pizza, and I think Noah is super underrated, but apples to apples, I think PTA’s catalogue dog stomps Aronofsky. I’m also not sure how Nolan gets on here without mentioning Tarantino, who might be the most overrated director since Hitchcock, but has also probably done the most for popularizing auteur cinema. That said, any Mount Rushmore is gonna be pretty personal unless we throw up some metrics. (Like, I’ve got a Pavlovian desire [...]
14	233	PTA is certainly up there for me but his work certainly doesn't stand out as so good I'm obliged to put him on. He's made some awesome movies, but personally didn't understand the hype for things like Licorice Pizza or Phantom Thread
15	582	That part where you say “everyone knows war is bad”. I think that’s the part that Garland would disagree with you on and would try to get people to see that clearly. He thinks extremists are ok with a civil war and they are ok with it because they aren’t talking to the other side and don’t realize how bad it will be. I get you don’t believe that’s his position or maybe that it’s so obvious that it doesn’t need to be said. But Garland perceives a number of people within countries as being to blas [...]
16	340	How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA? How the hell do you make this post and not mention PTA?
17	1379	**Beneath the Planet of the Apes (1970, dir. Ted Post)** This film is as studio-manufactured as you can get. One part Planet of the Apes rehash and two parts pulp fiction sci-fi story about post-apocalyptic mutants, Beneath fails to hit the same novel beats of its predecessor. It's held back by its reliance on Planet of the Apes iconography and setpieces, wasting time with limp commentary on warmongering and eugenics before we explore the subterranean world of humans who've maintained their inte [...]
18	183	I'm a Bowie fan, but this concert film wasn't great. Maybe the pirated copy I saw was of lower quality, but Pennebaker did so much better with the other music docs he did. No dissing.
19	256	I don't want to be that guy, but I think you're underselling David Bowie as a songwriter. Yes, he's known for his charisma and his image, but he could also excel at creating guitar riffs and vocal hooks. And lyrics that really never descended into cliche.
20	47	I'm not the one trying to get asses into seats.
21	34	Jesus the internet really is dead.
22	246	I’m the sort of person who is upset about films like Surf Ninjas not getting there just due as perfectly films for children to learn martial arts. Anyway, I hope everyone who reads this goes to movies. The movie theatre experience must not die.
23	287	And it's all gone now. Honestly I'm really glad you got to this thread as quick as you did. The Civil War posts on this sub are borderline extraterrestrial. With hundreds of votes backing completely baseless "analysis" of the film. It's like the Snyder bot army has pivoted to Garland.
24	131	The director made three acclaimed serials - Fantomas, Les Vampires, and Judex. And Judex was remade in the 1960s as a feature film.
25	179	Oh, this Judex sounds like something I may like. In the last few weeks, I've been bored and restless with much of my watching, so I'll try this one for size. Thank you, Jupiter'.
26	2120	Just saw the movie. \> Okay i get it, Emily did kill her hubby because Dr. Seabird encouraged her. And both then became the owner of Martin's money. No, Martin's money was most probably taken away when he was convicted of insider trading. It was different money - one Dr. Siebert got from Ablixa's competitors by working with Emily to tank Ablixa's reputation and thus increasing market share of its competitors. The plan was to get Emily prescribed the same by an unsuspecting Doctor (Dr Banks) and  [...]
27	102	I'm sorry but I just have to say this. You're absolutely cooked if this is the way you look at people.
28	393	What In the Mood for Love captures so well is the quiet violence of restraint, how not speaking becomes its own kind of memory. It’s one of the rare films where interiority isn’t just shown, it’s felt, suspended in the space between two people who almost touched the life they wanted but couldn’t claim it. It lingers because it never resolves and maybe that’s the most honest thing about it.
29	326	There's way too much talking past each other at the moment here to get anywhere or learn anything. If you're interested in having a conversation that progresses, and if my points still seem so nonsensical, try plugging in the thread into an LLM, then come back. I take no joy in debating solely to take up excess brain cycles.
30	521	This is a great take—and you’re spot on about the importance of Mary Harron’s perspective. The film works precisely because it gives us distance from Patrick while still keeping us inside his orbit. That tension between proximity and critique is what makes it stick. I’m always struck by how rare it is—especially in American film—for a male character to have such an interior presence without it collapsing into glorification or complete detachment. Harron gives us access to his head without inviti [...]
31	165	Well then you’re in luck because Luca is already working on it: https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/movies/movie-news/american-psycho-movie-luca-guadagnino-1236177949/
32	8651	**Week No. # 227 - Copied &amp; Pasted from [here.](https://tilbageidanmark.tumblr.com/tagged/movies)** * *"To paraphrase the Beatles, ‘there goes the sun’...” I love independent productions that tells "unusual" stories. The delightful new British **THE BALLAD OF WALLIS ISLAND** is just one. A past-his-prime famous British folk singer is paid £500,000 to play a concert at a remote island, only to discover when he gets there that the gig is for an audience of one: An eccentric ex-male nurse had w [...]
33	40	Him or Lanthimos was what I was thinking
34	2198	>Stepping away from all that, consider that your points are not wrong. Still, they continue to express some unary model of people acting as rational *homo economicus*, which is the mainstream view that precisely got us to where we are today. It's exactly the behavior I was trying to dissuade in the previous comment. I can agree that some people may be irredeemably evil. But consider that there were 199 defendants at the Nürnberg Trials, not the whole damn country of Germany. I don't think that w [...]
35	21	Watch the movie again
36	261	But he “both sides”-ed his interview. Everyone knows war is bad. This isn’t insightful. He’s saying “you’re going to start a war over disagreeing about two ways to run a state.” So that’s his take. He thinks that about the current political situation in the US.
37	307	This is a great suggestion. I saw this in a film lesson when I was a teen and it was definitely a hit with all of us. This year is it's 30 year anniversary (!), so there are/will be some nice accessible contemporary writing floating about. I know Michael Wood's just done one for the London Review of Books.
38	52	Found the person who's never been sexually assaulted
39	140	You know what’s weird? Thinking just bc you’re the same age as Cruise, he should look as terrible as you likely do. Give us a break, boomer.
40	135	Maybe that’s a you problem? I can tell you the main plot points and moments of all 7 films. Maybe you should pay better attention? Idk.
41	1384	>This is ridiculous, because it ignores entirely the fact that for many people, And for many others? Compare how long, or what volume of humans have lived according to in-tribe / out-tribe dynamics vs according to the ethos of several candidate countries, and choosing the one that best fits them. The best fit largely just being where there was the most economic opportunity. Time has certainly optimized us for one more than the other. >Not only was Roosevelt working to get the US into the war, Wh [...]
42	16	They really are.
43	2625	Well your username literally has the word “kid” in it, but also your conflation of “humanizing” with “likability” is a telltale sign of immaturity. What do you think constitutes ”humanizing” a character? If you think that it’s just making the character “relatable” to the audience, then you’ve lost the plot. Humans are deeply complex and exist in grayed moralities Being “relatable” is one dimensional; being human is multidimensional. With Ivan, he’s a bratty man-child. He’s selfish, he treats the [...]
44	41	Looking forward to your motorcycle stunt.
45	5	Dumb.
46	212	I just wish they gave a description of film on the site. I love little films but mostly don’t know what to watch without just a little idea of what to expect. But $72 for the year was a bargain. Highly recommend.
47	148	How could I be in the thread arguing my opinion if I'm a robot? Look through my profile and you'll see I'm a real person. What a schizo ass comment.
48	226	I’m curious. I think the male gaze is a crucial theme in the source material. How do you think its removal could add to the commentary on the brutality of bourgeois alienation and detachment in contemporary capitalist society?
49	45	I really wish he still made content like that
50	910	Hell to Eternity, and REVENGE (2010s) We covered these for our podcast, which is focused on the history of squibs this season. The good, the pod, and the ugly. Hell to Eternity is the first major Hollywood film to use squibs. It’s not great - it’s 2+ hours and should be 1hr45 max. BUT, it’s got incredibly realistic war footage, the first portrayal of Asian internment in the US, and a lot of ambivalence about war. It also has a very regrettable 10 minute long drunken striptease scene that ends in [...]
51	421	I am guessing you're not a black person please do your research on the film and the symbolism the point isn't for it to be a flashy , terrifying vampire film it's showing the cultures of black people in the 1930s and how power hungry people (culture vultures) try to exploit these cultures and gifts it also speaks about how church was used to oppress different communities of people . Rewatch it and do research please
52	457	You seem like the kind of person who only values the “monumental”, 3 hour epics when it comes to best picture. Oppenheimer is well done certainly, and I don’t think it’s trash (unlike EEAAO), but at the end of the day, it’s yet another WW2 Biopic - Oscar Catnip. At the end of the day, film is a mode of story telling, and Anora tells an original and human story that I find to be very resonant and evocative of past great BP winners (I.e., The Apartment).
53	203	I haven’t seen the movie but it would seem to me that you answered the question already: After the war he was sent back to 2022, the year in which he originally departed from, then lived another 7 years.
54	75	Same! In the latter half I was just praising her like "W wife fr" and stuff
55	1817	>When picking a side, what will always override moral comparisons between sides is with which side you identify, and whether you can see yourself on the other side. This is ridiculous, because it ignores entirely the fact that for many people, their morality/ethics/beliefs drive their politics and not vice-versa. And it's childish to think that the way to beat nazis is just to be more friendly with them-we've seen for instance in the US the media's flirtation and normalization of extreme rightwi [...]
56	189	I'm not sure this is the sort of movie this sub is intended for. Yeah, corny action scifi is going to corny. It's just a mediocre, big dumb kinda fun movie. It won't hold up to scrutiny.
57	2901	​**Flow** (2024) \*\*\*\* The animation is frustrating because for all its gorgeous, realistic details, the animals look like low-res gifs. Aside from that, it's a terrific survival adventure in a surreal world that's never fully explained. I loved how the animals were so expressive and yet always behaved as animals. Their intent was clear without over-anthropomorphizing them. It reminded me of The Bear (1989) or Seasons (2015). **Brokeback Mountain** (2005) \*\*\*\* I don't have much to say abo [...]
58	754	I think you misunderstand Garland. I think he fears that people are flippantly ignoring the risks of a Civil War and he is trying to make sure that people take that risk seriously with the movie. That all sides take that risk seriously. The whole movie can be summarized with the quote from the movie: “I thought I was sending a message home: Don’t do this. But here we are.” I don’t think he is trying to say that all wars are unjustified or that everyone should go along with fascism. I think he’s  [...]
59	1878	Your points re: the movie's message invite a deeper wade into politics than is prob usual for the sub. That said, mods permitting: When picking a side, what will always override moral comparisons between sides is with which side you identify, and whether you can see yourself on the other side. A lot of this is cultural and image-driven, and the latter either reinforces or reduces polarization. Arguing which side's more in line with the law and saying "*therefore, join or be a traitor*" has littl [...]
60	8358	**The Thin Red Line (1998, Terrence Malick)** — *The Thin Red Line* is a good movie, with flashes of greatness, and yet at the same time I feel strangely disappointed in it. To see a director as bold and creative as Terrence Malick tackle an idea as played-out as “war is hell” feels like watching someone use a sledgehammer to swat a fly. The movie’s best moments are generally in its quiet, reflective scenes, where it’s at its most characteristically Malickian. But when focus shifts back to the b [...]
61	158	Dang, I never thought of it that way... Maybe we should just have all actresses only have real sex on camera from now on? Would definitely make things simpler
62	327	You did it again: I did not say “arguing about the morality of war without doing war is meaningless grandstanding” and even then, it’s a logical fallacy to say that arguing theoretical without practical is meaningless. There is no deductive reasoning displayed in what you just presented. It’s a series of false equivalences.
63	540	Just saw Top Gun: Maverick yesterday, and it was one of the best films I've ever seen in my long life. Bookended, oddly, by pure schmaltz. I spent most of the movie in awe at how great it was, and yet never watched the last five minutes, because it had suddenly turned away from realism and taken on this uncanny overly-happy feeling that you also get in LOTR: ROTK when everyone is jumping on the bed in slo-mo. But it's so much better than the original, and so much better than what I've been seein [...]
64	304	True, it was an embarrassing and crappy way to post something and wrong to ask people to take the time to read it given I didn’t give it the proper time to edit. Being busy but excited to talk about it isn’t proper justification. It’s been taken down, but I do feel the need to accept it was a crap post.
65	299	If you say arguing about the morality of war without doing war is meaningless grandstanding => arguing theoretical without practical is meaningless grandstanding => philosophy, which is essentially pure theory, is meaningless grandstanding. Logical deductive reasoning derived from your own claims.
66	106	You can come up with all this analysis but you can't do simple editing without AI? Credibility is tenuous.
67	310	Yes, that was just blatant misuse of the prompt without checking it. All of these criticisms are embarrassing and well taken. I’ve removed them as they greatly weakened the point, and I’ve left it as my original without the attempted “cleanup”. We’ll still disagree, but you’re both absolutely correct on this.
68	39	lol, now he has edited those places out
69	595	I called the position meaningless grandstanding without skin in the game, it’s a hell of a breach of debate ethics to blatantly straw man what I said into “philosophy shouldn’t exist”. But then again, you’re the one saying one should argue for wars one doesn’t fight. But that at the end also a fair point. It’s quite likely “my Garland” isn’t the real Garland. And regardless, any film ends up being a vision by more than just the writer/director. The Jesse Plemons scene wasn’t even originally in t [...]
70	430	And some of the descriptions are just off: >where moments of camaraderie and even beauty are casually punctured by absurd, meaningless violence. Not quite an accurate description of the vibes, doesn't really happen like that. >where strip malls still stand Only one strip mall is really shown. Technically the building stands, but it is abandoned. As if these are key words from a summary of the film an AI has regurgitated.
71	979	>Any accusations of centrism in discourse about warfare (other than to condemn war crimes, genocide, etc.) are, in my opinion meaningless grandstanding unless it comes from those engaging in or those who have engaged in warfare for an ideal. So philosophy shouldn't exist? Surprising take. Death of the author is a fair point to argue. Obviously every person can choose to have their own interpretation that differs with the intention of the author. But your post was full of sentences along the line [...]
72	437	\&gt; Any accusations of centrism in discourse about warfare (other than to condemn war crimes, genocide, etc.) are, in my opinion meaningless grandstanding unless it comes from those engaging in or those who have engaged in warfare for an ideal. This is the most empty-headed, blindly patriotic, and anti-intellectual take I've seen all day. Thankfully it's only 11AM and there's certainly something out there which will take the cake.
73	138	I think you might be surprised what most men would actually be into but hold back because of the belief that their wives wouldn’t be down.
74	408	To tack on to the AI-generated possiblity, the language is extremely inconsistent and highly indicative of language models. This level of vocabulary, in film dissection, would likely come with familiarity with film terms and this post practically took an entire paragraph to articulate what a "needle drop" is... as if this film invented the concept. Really really really bad take on this blatantly ok film.
75	76	I like that a lot. Do you have a Letterboxd account? I'd like to follow you!
76	55	And after sex he just plays video games and ignores her
77	748	I am amazed I made it through the entire movie. It was so incredibly bad. I do not understand how you can enjoy this movie outside of good acting. The plot is awful. The execution is terrible. The last 45 minutes are a borderline hate crime. They couldn’t figure out how to end the movie so they just do everything imaginable. None of it makes any sense. This is a 0/10 movie for me that’s brought to a 2/10 because the acting was pretty good. Usually I get it for reviews and am about on track with  [...]
78	13	I’m with you.
79	128	I'm struggling to understand why OP isn't allowed to talk about a newer film in this sub. This isn't r/OldFilm, it's r/TrueFilm.
80	307	I doubt the oligarch dad is a good person, in any way a western humanist audience would accept. He's simply left running the family up to the mom and doesn't care to interfere with her iron fist because it benefits him to be left out of it. Pretty standard setup in the upper echelons of patriarchal Russia.
81	764	Yeah, I'm someone who *loves* musicals, and the vague outline of this story actually *does* seem well-suited to a musical. But instead of leaning into the "larger than life" elements, it seems like they're trying to keep it grounded despite (1) it being a musical blend of a telenovela and Greek tragedy and (2) the director openly having zero knowledge of the subject matter he's touching on. And separately on the musical front, most of the shots are pretty zoomed in and blocking much of the chore [...]
82	36	This *is* a place to discuss movies.
83	210	Don't listen to that dude. I don't even like this movie, and I think your post was good. You took the time to study the film in depth, and I can appreciate that, even when it's about a movie that I didn't like.
84	84	I understand Barbie's message. Like I said it is shallow and I do not agree with it.
85	90	I agree, the idea that it could have been a plot by the shareholders is almost not raised.
86	211	The truth that same intolerant attitude is the one that one later complains when they treat us in the same way, as if we were not foolish. That said, the businessmen deranged the protagonist to keep the actions.
87	147	I think that the businessmen unhinged the protagonist to keep the shares, since in one part one tells him of a conspiracy, but then he betrays him.
88	75	I believe that the businessmen unhinged the protagonist to keep the shares.
89	461	I think we're to understand she's very much in charge. She's the one on the phone berating their fixer for letting this happen. she's marching in front of everyone off of the plane. They tell the dad about having to go to Vegas quietly in confidence and he defers to them to tell her so not to be the messenger. I think everyone in the story is a good person, but they do shitty things in service of her. It's one of the several ways Anora defies expectations.
90	627	&gt;I think the line between toy/love often blurs I think you're right here. I actually think there is a certain relatableness in Vanya. In a way I was almost reminded of a relationship I had early in my life where I had the same kinda boyish naivety. Maybe the intention is to show how grey it can be. I guess Vanya is shown as someone who maybe doesn't understand what these connections really mean. For Ani, I think she felt love but has zero idea on how to express it, between her lonely existenc [...]
91	1448	I just disagree. Number one, to me the rape scene was not over the top. It is surprising, there's definitely feeling of dread in the lead up to it, but there isn't a build up to a sexualized attack that would make it titillating to the audience. It is shot from a clinical mid-distance, it's brief, and you cannot really see Brody's face during it. For a movie with a fair amount of nudity, there's zero skin showing. As far as depictions of rape on screen go, this one is restrained, minimally sexua [...]
92	293	Thank you for your kind words. 'The true mark of maturity is when somebody hurts you and you try to understand their situation instead of trying to hurt them back'. I think people who doesn't process insecurities in a healthy way tend to project them, especially towards unconventional people.
93	102	Wow that’s insane! I also read the Bp oil rig explosion and spill happened on the first day of filming
94	188	I get it, for me they can both be like that. Back in 2023, *Poor Things* certainly made a lot more buzz than *Anatomy of a Fall*. In 2019, Cannes had *Parasite* but Venice had *Joker.*
95	91	Your last post in truefilm was also a "film from last year" lmfao can you please be serious
96	742	person posts one of the longest and most in-depth analyses of a film in a while, including support with quotes and particular moments in the film to back up their claims, and your first instinct is to cry about it and then claim vote manipulation lol. for what it’s worth, I downvoted your comment before I upvoted the thread. if you want a community like this to thrive, what’s the point in complaining on posts like these when there’s plenty of low-grade, bottom of the barrel posts being made here [...]
97	504	That's interesting point analyzing sex position. I think the line between toy/love often blurs. After the strip dance scene, she blurs the line saying "You paid for an hour you can have another go" and the position there isn't doggy. During the marriage montage scene when they are having sex in the office, it's also not doggy. So I guess those moments represents genuine connection between them, whether that's enough to be called love, imo I think so. Very fleeting, but I would say they were in l [...]
98	631	Thanks for this very in depth discussion of these themes and ideas. I have to think more about this in context of the film but I think this is a valuable perspective I definitely didn't have when I watched so thank you for that. A lot of it rings true for me. Sorry that some people don't want in depth discussion just because the film is more recent than the ones he prefers. One user doesn't get to decide what films are truefilm worthy or not, to me this absolutely fits. Posts like this will alwa [...]
99	195	Is she? Or is Dad perhaps also, happy to sit back and laugh at the drama he should be taking a big part of the responsibility for? Leaving the mom to play 'bad cop' like it's none of his concern.
100	379	So I got all that and the rape scene felt completely over the top. I enjoyed watching all these power dynamics play out without the need for that scene at all. It would be the equivalent of someone like Nurse Ratchet murdering a patient just to drive the message home that she’s a sociopath. The movie went from subtle and engaging to completely ham fisted with that writing.
101	695	It was so bad. Honestly imagine if this wasn’t related to Maximus and Denzel Washington’s character and the Gladiator were the heroes. Denzel wanting to destroy Rome from within is a great idea, but horribly executed in this movie. Another thing that just made me laugh was Lucilla. In the first movie she fucks up the coup against her brother because she tells her 8 year old son Maximus is the savior of Rome. Despite being terrified for her son’s life the entire movie. Lol well the lady fucked up [...]
102	247	Ivan is the only main character to ask and cares what Ani wants and asks her permission. He’s not a villain. Just a child and unwilling/unable to assert agency from his parents, more specifically mom. Mom is the only villain in this story, really.
103	65	The sad person is the liar! When was he convicted of rape, liar?!
104	638	&gt;EDIT: Vote manipulation gets you banned OP, this is pathetic. Or the reason that you are downvoted is that you are making a controversial statement that a lot of people don't agree with? Like a lot of people in this sub will have seen a recent film that was universally well-received at around the same time and have the need to talk about it. And it's not like there is no discussion of older films because of that. There clearly is and in my experience it usually outweigh discussion about rece [...]
105	988	I see your argument. Having checked out other Sean Baker movies, I think he tends to write movies where everyone is somewhat wrong/flawed. But also have redeeming traits. So I think there's room to be a little bit generous to Vanya. I think his character is an interesting depiction of power structures. Him, and even his father (the one who holds the wealth) are both under the thumb of a tyrant, the mother. Everyone is at the mercy of some form of power. To counter though, I don't think he really [...]
106	303	Don't listen to him, it's a good post and obviously people are going to want to discuss new releases they just saw. There's plenty of discussion of classic or niche films on here if that's what people prefer. They could also spend the time they put into whiny commentary writing their own in depth posts
107	274	He kind of said it timidly... but it was such an important moment. He quickly put his grandiose mask back on when Ani didn't really reciprocate his energy. While marrying Ani, maybe Ivan hoped that, 'okay, not yet but eventually Ani would love me without money.' She didn't.
108	338	Ugh, I hate this old school forum mentality of "don't make new threads" Reddit doesn't work the way forums worked. OP doesn't want to just read an old, dead thread that no-one else will read. They want a discussion. A dialogue. Creating a new thread is a way to start that. Anora is nominated for Oscars. Plenty of people have seen it.
109	1308	I wonder if one of the reasons people are really upset by it is precisely bc they expected it to make a huge political statement and in such they would too feel represented. I didn’t go into it thinking that way. Mostly I was just curious how a French musical set in Mexico would be portrayed. Parts of it are so dumb it’s hilarious. I’m a native Spanish speaker and my goodness this movie made no sabo kids seem fluent. However for all its negatives I did think that the story was really engaging. I [...]
110	46	It’s gone, the generals consciousness is dead.
111	238	I noticed that too: "I think we would have a great time even if I didn't have money." He wanted to run away with her when the time came. And she just ignored that part. He definitely treated her cruelly but she was with him for the money.
112	177	No... no I work in AI and that's utter bullshit, and I did not ask. I'm going to go ahead and block your account so I can just dodge the bullet of this interaction continuing.
113	520	Search "Anora r/truefilm" on Google and you can see how much in-depth discussion there is on this very film on this very sub. Check out r/letterboxd for posting reviews and discussions (although even that messy sub wisened up and stopped this), especially of new films. Check out the weekly thread on this sub for posting what you've watched this week and discussing them with other active viewers. Take the same amount of time you've spent typing this review and put it towards researching places to [...]
114	168	I used Grammarly but it is not AI generated. Most AI language model, including Chat GPT and Claude, their knowledge cuts off at July 2024 and they can't analyze videos.
115	592	Yeah, nah. You might (well, probably won't) want to listen to the Video Archives pod episode about it. Or if you (likely) don't want the opinion of two guys in their 50s, read some of the female raves about it (Kael). But I had a blast watching Birth of a Nation so I don't think we're on the same page at all when it comes to art. You'd literally never consume anything being so easily offended. Times change. I use cinema as a time machine. You don't learn anything if you only consume stuff that d [...]
116	143	I thought this subreddit is a place for in-depth discussion. If there's a better place to discuss this, I'd appreciate if you give me the link.
117	410	It's not controversial. Can we please find someone on the mod team to stop this absurd influx of reviews on brand new films which a fraction of the r/truefilm audience hasn't seen (and possibly doesn't care to). This sub is becoming letterboxd, but according to its own rules it strives to be something else. Literally the simplest rule against films from the last year will restore this place to what it was.
118	436	&gt;You make it sound as if there's a lobby or interest group behind suppressing HFR implementation. In effect there is. There's really no nice way to say this, but the argument against HFR is, at core, the same as the argument against CGI, deaging effects, digital cameras...I've never seen discussions on these subjects on Reddit (or filmmakers advocating for the good ol' analog ways) that didn't strike me as thinly-veiled luddism.
119	1287	Yeah it really was that simple. All this excess conversation is just for people to debate the ideas and the thoughts behind the material (semantics). I appreciate this movie for how quickly lines are drawn in the conversation around it. If you think the movie was making "statements" about any of the topics it touched on, I'm happy to turn away and chat about the movie with someone else (who can talk about the construction and application of it). The movie is ignorant as hell, flashy, curious yet [...]
120	256	I can imagine it working well given the right tone and sequence. The Hobbit movies, hypothetically speaking, were good choices for the fantasy element but it still didn't meld well in the end. I'd argue it might have better effect in surrealism and horror.
121	61	I figured! No harm in making mistakes, we all live and learn.
122	436	Nowadays most of the action movies feature a strong female which the soy drinkers do enjoy. I honestly can’t remember the lay action movie I have enjoyed, the genre has gone to shit for all the reasons you’ve listed, and the people that fund movies make them extremely predictable to the point where you’ve thought AI has written them. Long gone are the movies like ‘Taken’, now is the time for movies like ‘Becky’ that Reddit slops up.
123	461	You make it sound as if there's a lobby or interest group behind suppressing HFR implementation. Directors can use it tomorrow, today, and yesterday. It's strictly a matter of it not being appealing. And the argument about people just needing to get used to it presupposes that there's a need to get used to it in the first place. It begs the question: why do we need to get used to HFR films? The whole thing seems like a completely fake or manufactured issue.
124	194	I can't get past how DEEPLY transphobic it is. On a level of Birth of a Nation, to the point where I think it ought to wholly overshadow any other conversation since it's just so deeply bigoted.
125	189	&gt; Minor note, it's preferred to say Transgender Woman, rather than just Transgender. It feels like calling someone a Black, ya get me? I didn't know, did not intend offense. I fixed it.
126	1374	Given the subject matter in question and the entirety of OP’s post and comments, what else did you expect from this thread? OP’s criticism of the movie is not simply that the characters or the writing were bad. He found the rape scene overhyped and not graphic enough (the implication of these statements being that the infamously long rape scene could have used more gruesome violence to really sell it). We all knew where these comments were headed before we even got here. Giving Alex negative tra [...]
127	509	Minor note, it's preferred to say Transgender Woman, rather than just Transgender. It feels like calling someone a Black, ya get me? I also think it's unfair to say that it's fine that it's shallow because it's a musical comedy, given it's clearly reaching for deeper issues, and musical comedies can and routinely ARE deeper than this. I also don't think it's supposed to be all that comedic, it has a funny song or two but it's a tragedy at it's core. By musical TRAGEDY standards this show is even [...]
128	1753	&gt; in the movie of course it's just an ill-defined tragedy that almost gets solved by Emilia Perez having a change or heart. Liberals love this bullshit. Why did she have a change of heart? Because she had a sex change? Her class status didn't change at all. She still has her 19th century style maids. The movie has no issues with that though. And then finally in the end she becomes a saint and people have a possession with her statue as a holy virgin I'm a white canadian and did not see the fi [...]
129	1659	I didn’t find the ending so ambiguous. To me it was a message about Zionism and the politics of memory. Throughout the film, they show Toth to be ambivalent about Israel. But his brutalist philosophy is to create things that will withstand the onslaught of history (ie an eternal Jewish people). His work with Van Buren shows he is willing to work on projects that aren’t aligned with him personally, so I saw the subsequent Holocaust museums etc as other examples of that where he designed for the o [...]
130	63	The answer to that is tension. And Ennio Morricone, that helps.
131	1830	This is an incredibly broad question. It really depends, and I can't really narrow it down to THE one way I do it. Sometimes I just want to turn my brain off and the film sorta filters through me. Sometimes I want to have a great time and I invite people over, and we talk and hang out, but still actively watch the film. There, the film functions more like social glue. Maybe we talk about the cinematography, the love life of its stars or whatever other barely film related stuff that pops into our [...]
132	183	Licorice Pizza is a fantastic PTA film! My wife and I saw it last Sunday. It was a re-watch for me and the first time for her. We both loved it. The film has a positive can-do spirit.
133	262	PTA might disagree with you I think. He’s talked in interviews about it and I can’t remember his exact wording but essentially he thinks it’s embarrassingly long and looks back on the film as him having given too much creative power early in his creative career.
134	281	Saw this in the theatre and have loved it since! It’s always been explained to me that you have to look at all aspects of the game as being highly staged and with tons of money behind them. Think the game is almost like being full of Hollywood special effects made by the creators.
135	604	Absolutely great movie. It's a bit of a slow one and not your usual movie, but it's animation and details are stellar. The ending music soundtrack is the best part. Both the Dub and Sub are great and it's awesome to see that Dubs are reaching this level of quality. For those who liked the music, I found out the songs were re-done in English! The music in both Japanese and English are fantastic, although i'm biased towards my native tongue since I was surprised how well the lyrics translated. Hap [...]
136	669	&gt;But the industry did experiment with HFR films, and most consumers decided they didn’t like films that wholly featured that. Ummm, Avatar 2 was an HFR movie. Now excuse me while I look at the table of highest-grossing films of all time. Of course, it didn't necessarily gross all that much because of the HFR: it did it because its a James Cameron film. But I saw no evidence that the HFR screenings hurt the movie... Peter Jackson also said in 2014 that the earnings from 3D IMAX screenings of T [...]
137	600	But the industry did experiment with HFR films, and most consumers decided they didn’t like films that wholly featured that. Unlike picture and audio formats, they can’t be marketed as a positive or enhancing experience. With that said, I think HFR and premium formats are two very different avenues. The latter enhances the experience through subtle changes, such as shallower dof and enhanced audio systems, whereas HFR completely changes the experience of watching a film. I still think HFR could  [...]
138	190	The movie is terrible! I love older movies and most of Hitchcock’s stuff. This movie had one of the most nonsensical plots ever. Critics snd audiences hated it when it came out for a reason.
139	731	It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot). Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://www.cnbc.com/2022/12/15/why-avatar-looks-different-james-cameron-48fps-high-frame-rate.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2022/12/15/why-avatar-looks-different-james-cameron-48fps-high-frame-rate.html)** ***** ^(I'm a bot | [...]
140	148	Avatar 2 had a variable frame rate like this https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2022/12/15/why-avatar-looks-different-james-cameron-48fps-high-frame-rate.html
141	541	&gt; If not, why fix what’s not broken? Two things: one, its not a "fix" in the sense that any HFR film released to date has had a perfectly normal-looking 24fps version that, if people preferred, they could watch instead. Second, in a time where "premium formats" from 70mm IMAX to Dolby Cinema are the name of the game, and films are made and marketed in a way that gears you to "See Dune/Oppenheimer/whatever in IMAX" I think its a little disingenious to denigerate another avenue that could be ex [...]
142	353	Yes, but you can patch that up today pretty easily. I mean, the only version of The Hobbit (for example) that we have to view today in our homes is 24fps, and it looks like a perfectly normal, 24fps movie. Nobdoy watching it who didn't know it was an HFR-shot movie would have the slightest inkling that there's anything different from any other movie.
143	32	No, the motion blur is different
144	282	I think it’s all about meaning in cinema, as opposed to a random blogger who shot on 60fps unaware of what fps even means. 24fps is what we perceive as “normal”, but many films have experimented with different fps should the scene benefit from it. If not, why fix what’s not broken?
145	409	Fair enough i've never been to Venice but lived in Cannes for a while and go back for the festival almost every year, and just by being a "random" i can watch 3-4 movies a day for a week so i can't agree with that criticism. It's also cheaper than regular cinema tickets (like 5 euros) if not straight free if you know how to proceed so to me it actually is very "popular" and amazing for a regular movie fan.
146	435	I mean, at the time when television was 25fps I felt like I could tell the difference, but sure, below 30fps or so its not a huge difference. I did see HFR footage - though not a complete feature - and it is a radically different experience. Of course, with The Hobbit and Avatar it was partially done to complement the 3D: You couldn't see the Hobbit in HFR without it being 3D (although you could see it in 3D without it being HFR).
147	190	I mean, that makes sense. There is nothing magical about 24 FPS, and i doubt most people can tell the difference between 24 and 25 fps, it just has to be in that general area to look correct
148	182	I mean, if those screenings specifically had "enormous" returns (I'm quote the director here), and did so over three releases, then that would seem to suggest people did seek it out.
149	3146	I know some people from the region and it's more that it's incredibly cringe than that people are offended, Mexicans don't really get offended much anyways. I do think it's very typical that some french fart-smeller first made a movie how horrible and sad people have it in Sri Lanka and now made a movie how horrible and sad people have it in Mexico. France as a country is fucked up enough, why not clean up in front of your own doorstep instead of making something for first-worlders to jerk off t [...]
150	130	It did well numbers wise, but I don't think people were going out of their way for it. And the people that noticed didn't like it.
151	378	A 60fps video on YouTube doesn't look bad, because it's usually not meant to be immersive. High FPS is fine if it's a video of something in real life. But if you use high FPS in a film, for some reason it just makes everything look fake. There are niche situations where the hyper-real look might be used, but I guess directors just haven't felt inspiration to do that yet.
152	234	There HAD, by the way, been deviations from the norm before The Hobbit: to begin with, in the silent era frame rates would go for anything between 18fps and 24fps. In the mid-50s, Cinerama was 27fps, and originally Todd-AO was 30 fps.
153	234	I think that it is possible, but that films need to be shot and edited in a new way to "look right" with the new fps. Higher fps is basically a new film medium (for theatrical films anyway) so maybe it needs a new filmmaking language.
154	172	&gt;Films are not videogames. Obviously its not as drastic, but all those Cinerama features in the mid-50s and early 60s were done at 27fps. Todd-AO was originally 30fps.
155	351	We associate 24 FPS with "fiction" because it’s been the standard for so long since early cinema. Sports and news came later on general television, and those were later updated to 50hz or 60hz without much resistance because that type of media is more about the content or info you gain from it. It’s not that HFR inherently doesn’t work for fiction
156	239	Yeah but I would say Venice is easier to attend as far as watching the movies in competition or anyway the more "popular" ones. That means a lot for a movie fan and someone who is not a professional movie critic or any kind of movie worker
157	265	I walked into the hobbit unaware when that first one came out and I cannot tell you how bad it was and how much I disliked the frame-rate. It seems to be a case of wither people don’t notice or people hate it. You won’t see many people think it elevates anything.
158	2064	I mean, the movie was bad. It was just kinda boring. I liked what it wanted to do, but it was just made bad. The musical bits in general didn't have any catch, and the pacing was slow in a bad sense, because it just was repeating the same ideas again and again, with some cringy dialogue. In my opinion it wasn't awful, it made for an interesting watch at least, it just that in the end the form was not great. I think there are some reactionary things in the reception, definitively because the firs [...]
159	338	I know im late to the party buuuuut...This was the worst since 2 imo. It just felt off from the beginning. Straight away I knew it was a different Director yet had know idea prior. Had been looking forward to this after rewatching all except 2, just to see the flow. But this sadly was a massive miss. And Ilsa dying sucked big bad balls.
160	1369	In psychology there’s an interesting distinction made between the ideal ego — how we imagine we appear to others — and the ego ideal — the image of who we desire to be. These two images are often in conflict, and The Substance makes the conflict very literal — the more unrealistic Elisabeth’s pursuit of an idealized image becomes, the more her actual self image suffers, the more fractured and disassociated her identity becomes. And what’s really interesting with aging, or with balding, is at som [...]
161	795	I think we get a hint of what the source of his trauma was in the scene where he has a mental breakdown and mentions his mother, IIRC. It was so raw and real and resonated with me a lot. Also, I got the impression that he runs away into the night at the end not because he feels like he doesn't deserve a good life – although there's indeed a lot of self-hate – but because his self-destructive tendencies are stronger than Louise's plans for a bright future; so to not drag her down along with himse [...]
162	131	Ah, that is a brief appearance! I missed it entirely. Well, gonna have to take College out if the No Train Content part of my list.
163	184	Thank you for the suggestions! Regarding the train in College, it only makes a brief appearance, as you can see in this [video](https://youtu.be/T45FHGOPmZU?feature=shared&amp;t=1369).
164	619	Yeah and the entire pivot to the other character who was the messiah was sooo uninteresting. It felt like the movie hinged a bit on how much you cared about her, which imho was a massive mistake, given that we barely get to know her, and she doesn't really do anything of note. I think he got better with Dune Parts 1-2, but even then I kind of suspect that the storytelling and characterization is carried over from the books and is not really down to DV's skill. I still think he is a great directo [...]
165	296	The Shining is pulp. It's badly written. Kubrick thought so and was only interested in the premise. He didn't like the novel itself. ACO is fine but one of the best novels of all time? And he certainly didn't ruin it. He made an iconic film. But with a different aesthetic than the novel.
166	555	Wow, quite compendious! In addition to what you've got, there's some excellent train destruction in the recently-restored disaster movie The Johnstown Flood, and there's a spectacular train crash that opens The Hands of Orlac. You already have them all, but just to be sure that I hit the sub's character limit I'll mention that I have [a Letterboxd list](https://letterboxd.com/dubiouslegacy/list/buster-keaton/detail/) ranking Buster Keaton movies by amount of train content! (Is there a train in C [...]
167	200	I thought the practical effects were good but I didn’t think it had anything new to say in any meaningful or thought provoking way. It was one note that beat you over the head for 45 minutes too long.
168	704	Sure, but the question wasn’t about whether there are any promising nuggets of better movies to come from this guy, it was about why the movie doesn’t have more of a cultural footprint. And this particular comment thread, including my comment, was just suggesting that it’s because it’s not that great of a movie on its own terms. It’s fair to disagree if you dig the movie, but being a small budget debut doesn’t make it not kind of boring and obnoxious. Obviously that’s subjective, but it’s why I’ [...]
169	205	He has often played sensitive, slightly uncertain, boy-next-door types... but then he also played the nasty General Hux in The Force Awakens and other Star Wars universe films, so there's no simple answer!
170	99	The progression of the voice in power is an interesting observation I've not considered. I like it.
171	270	Umm her career ended in the mid 60s, what are you talking about? I'd say after Virginia Woolf her studio contract was over. She did shitty movies and cameos after. The Drivers Seat was actually a good script and done well, you just need to watch more independent movies.
172	56	He didn\`t know she was a school girl when they had sex.
173	73	Almost like it’s, I dunno, a $700k directorial debut or something. Crazy!
174	20	r/Iamverysmart much?
175	72	This has exactly zero bearing on how one should feel about it as a film.
176	26	Taxi Driver is pretty good
177	97	Dune is not subtle or slow lol. You have to be Marvel brain rotted beyond belief to believe that.
178	94	Is that masterful direction then? Or is it mediocre direction buoyed by a big budget and team?
179	327	They’re very expensive looking but I actually don’t think they’re great films (not even particularly good) for the reasons you’ve stated. Chalamet’s acting in the second is frankly laughable and they’re a substantial creative and visual downgrade from what he did on Blade Runner. The character development is deep as a puddle.
180	95	"Routinely punished?" She got to live and not have her head spattered all over the windshield.
181	59	Is this a joke post? I really hope your not that insane...
182	307	Agree too. He just wants money/wealth - to win the game. He didn't come from family of oil-men or nothing. Self taught. Oil wasn't the passion or end goal. If he thought selling ascots or monocles or penny-farthings in the west would have made him more incredibly rich faster, I bet he would have done that.
183	498	Always seemed strange how heavy the tools were that he struggles with. The rope was moving pretty smoothy through the pulley. Can't imagine what could be so heavy that would fit in that overflowing bucket. Were they stuck on something?! But yeah - silver was (and is) big business. He started with silver then went to oil. Not a stretch (historically or cinematically). I like the question though - I been out in NV for work lot recently. Interesting seeing gold and silver operations everywhere.
184	232	I agree that this film feels like a natural follow up to the first film. Arthur is much more real a person than a comic book joker and as a result, he had a more realistic ending. He also has much more humanity than any other joker.
185	406	What are the odds, the thread is 8 years old and we comment on it two days apart! I share your opinion. The atmosphere of the movie was very unique and there were lots of thoughtful “would I do the same in this situation?” moments. Recently read an interview with Eva Green that she gave decades after the movie was made, and it seems like everyone had fun on set and they stayed in touch, which is great.
186	502	I’m quite surprised everyone on American internet claims Joker was raped in the movie. He was clearly stripped, beat up and forcibly showered with cold water, with a sexual innuendo in one dialogue. The point seemed to be to strip him from the Joker persona and break him. Similar scenes happen often in prison dramas. But I don’t think it was really implied a guard literally penetrated him, I feel like people make that up. I’m usually good at getting hints from movies, and this situation feels od [...]
187	3	LOL
188	141	i liked the protagonist too, but lady raven was really annoying. It was frustrating as hell how he kept letting her dunk on him over and over
189	544	a month or two after watching, and I realized the biggest plot hole of them all. He literally could of just walked out the door. They have no idea who the butcher's identity is, so how will they know they have him? Obviously he'd have to hide his phone just incase, but he seriously could of just got id'd after the concert and been home free. They'd look at his ID, say, "Okay, pretty unsuspecting normal father with his daughter," and let him through. Am I missing something? Does the fbi in this m [...]
190	195	Good point on the last paragraph. Villeneuve seems to sell the idea that they care about each other just because he tells us they do, despite them having like, 1-2 believable moments of chemistry
191	151	From a commercial perspective though the casting is perfect. I don’t know what casting could sell the characters more from a box office perspective lol
192	289	To be fair I think that’s mostly her accent being American while others have Spanish or Iranian accents. All are equally valid because none of them are really actually alien accents (of course the villains are disproportionately British lol) but to an American audience Zendaya sticks out.
193	72	None of that excuses the boring-ass characters and exposition of Part 1.
194	118	I don’t think he meant the world is appealing to live in, they meant appealing as a setting for purposes of the story.
195	291	&gt; The movie opens with "spice is necessary for interstellar travel." That's not exactly detailed, but from a narrative perspective, it's everything you need to know That’s pretty much the least important thing to know about it for purposes of the characters in the book AND the film lol
196	182	Totally agree with you on Dune 1. Dune 2 is fantastic imo. But 1 is a slog with almost no character development even for Paul. Very pretty, sure, but as a story… it’s just backstory.
197	1158	I'm glad someone liked it. I can see your points and will try a rewatch when I can endure the process. One thing that drove me nuts was that NYC, of all the politicians, powerbrokers, tech innovators,... in the future none are East Asians, South Asians, or Middle Easterners. In fact, the only Asians in the movie were the Chinese Acrobats. It's an example of why, I found it a dated movie from a dated genius. Reminded me of an old time musical, but it's not the 50's, 60's.... It might gain cult st [...]
198	209	thank goodness somebody said this about the word "reactionary" lol. I see this word used all over social media especially Reddit when people actually mean "reactive" or probably more accurately "overreacting".
199	893	Yes, that's true, but film makers are notorious for taking source material and making it their own. In fact, isn't that what any true artist would do. For example, Stephen King hates The Shining. And SK had thirty years to play with the source material for EWS. So, IMHO the source material is basically irrelevant. Kubrick was absolutely crazy and totally OCD/Neurotic about details and messages in all his movies.And this was his last masterpiece. According to Wiki, "One scene of Cruise walking th [...]
200	164	Thank goodness somebody said this about the word "reactionary" lol. I see this word used all over social media especially Reddit when people actually mean reactive.
201	457	The movie is a love letter to the Showa film industry, summarised in the life of a fictional actress. I think the “sennen” part of the title is closer to the idea of a milieu than an actual 1000 years. As for Chiyoko, towards the end it’s implied she’s always known that the man was dead, but she kept the fantasy alive beyond what was reasonable to keep herself moving through a tough career and unhappy marriage. I kind of pity her husband, to be honest.
202	550	I know how cheap this sounds, but I think the movie is a dream. While the multitude of continuity errors in The Shining seemed to me at least to just be effects of the set burning down or legitimate mistakes, Kubrick was never *that* worried about continuity, stuff like different characters knowing what each other did at the party without ever seeing each other, is just a super surface level detail that points to it being a dream. I could write a few paragraphs about this, but I won’t, at least  [...]
203	147	No, I think you're exactly right. The romantic ideals have been replaced with more hedonistic pursuits, whether that be money, sex, or materialism.
204	248	David Lynch’s Dune did in one movie to what Denis barely could bring to the screen in 2 movies. As far as the Dune book goes anyway. I’m sorry, I’m still salty about finally seeing an attempt at what a Dune film could be and see it entirely wasted.
205	29	And, to own film tech patents
206	115	You obviously have never served. By the way the south lost the 1st civil war the last time you guys started a war.
207	588	It's a movie that is ladened with problems, but I can't help but feel that the "discourse" (If you can't even call it that) has almost nothing to do with those problems or the actual contents of the movie. They're not critiques, they're more so complaints rooted in the audience's pre-existing, and tight, expectations. In the end, this movie continues to prove that modern audiences are totally allergic to being challenged in any conceivable way. They're eager to dismiss anything that's on screen  [...]
208	447	I feel this is not really a fair reading of the discourse surrounding the sequel granted I have not watched nor do I ever intend to watch it but the biggest thing I've seen is people saying it insults the audience for liking the first movie that's not a comment on not being enough action its fundamental problems with the way the story went which might be unment expectations but if people feel insulted it goes beyond just unmet expectations imo
209	76	Excellent observation. These are definitely signs of their paternal impulse.
210	377	Maybe, or maybe that’s just how you see it. Ultimately I think if the actor’s performance aligns with the vision of the director it does not matter at all how they got that performance. Marlon Brando’s reading off cue cards taped to crew members and Daniel Day Lewis is slopping around in the mud preparing for his role as a farmer. The goal of the performer is the end result.
211	918	At his best (and the Monica Vitti B&amp;W trilogy is, for my money, some of the best of all time), Antonioni is focused on delivering a scathing critique of the Italian bourgeoisie and the “modernity” of the 20th century Western world that allowed such a class to exist. For me, those movies are about the impossibility of love in “modern” times, when the meaning of self/society/other/even words like love had been displaced and replaced in one swift motion - so as not to be noticed - with a hollow [...]
212	213	Well that’s also what I was saying is how do we know the scene we saw in the film was him being sprayed? Could he not have just asked to be sprayed to get that experience which he can then take to the performance?
213	311	If anything directors get far too much intellectual credit. If you haven’t written the script or story, unless you’re truly inspired in visual choices and style - what’s so special artistically about being a director? It’s glorified secretarial work when everything is already laid out for you to do story wise.
214	649	To be fair, if you’ve never been pepper sprayed, it probably gives your performance of being fake pepper sprayed a bit more reality to get pepper sprayed. We’re taking these stories so far out of context we can imagine any crazy scenario. It’s just as likely Strong was going with the above as opposed to being pepper sprayed on camera, but also like who cares how the actors get their performance as long as the end product is as intended? Smacks of a bit of classism to say “oh good actors don’t do [...]
215	174	Why can't it be both, the elites just want to have weird orgies together but there also is more going on behind the scenes then that. Why does it have to be one or the other?
216	232	I’m an actor. I was talking about perception mainly. The question was why people don’t take actors seriously compared to directors etc That’s one reason. They perceive actors jobs as easy and low skilled compared to directors et al.
217	810	For your own sake, don't give weight to the average online comment section. Online criticism via social media comments needs to be considered less, or not at all. In regards to media - historically and today - actors easily receive the most coverage out of anyone related to the film industry. Actors are certainly not starving for the space to discuss their craft. Perhaps you're also too young to know a show called Inside the Actor's Studio, which couldn't have done more to celebrate the craft of [...]
218	52	Joe the fbi guy was bernstein's source, not woodward
219	335	Actors are seen as less intellectual. I don’t think it’s entirely unearned. Just from a skills set standpoint what does an actor need training wise. The fact that a person can be grabbed off the street to say lines and it seems easy is a big part of it. Try grabbing random person and have them write, direct, produce, or crew a film.
220	532	You don’t get staggeringly low box office numbers from a bunch of people seeing a movie and hating it. You get staggeringly low box office numbers from a bunch of people not seeing a movie. The overwhelming majority of moviegoers, based on sales, are simply indifferent to Joker 2 because they never saw it. The negative opinions you’re reacting to are actually a minority. Most moviegoers don’t hate Joker 2, they don’t love it, the widespread opinion you should be asking about is the indifference  [...]
221	687	Please you don't understand the time that film was made in and how that accounts for his behavior. It's a simple gross out it's not sexual sub context. To state that's he a sex predator just speaks to the over sexualized time you live in of CSI and every CSA and sex crime glorification content you can find.. it's such a pervasive idea today it's even in politics. It's not like like wes the man who actually created the character could be guilty of leaving something like that out. He is it's origi [...]
222	821	The movie made sense, then it didn't and by the end of the film, it made all the sense in the world. I knew something was up because you would see people walking side by side dressed the same, weird transitions/camera angles, things that wouldn't make any sense, mere coincidences, and more. I've seen many people talk about how disappointing the movie was because everything was just a dream but I feel as if the movie was more than that. It made me empathize with him even though the whole thing wa [...]
223	242	Two recent ones: The Rider (Chloé Zhao), a lyrical and humane take of a somewhat less-exposed side of modern America; and Utama (Alejandro Loayza), a love story in the face of oblivion, set in the majestic landscapes of the Bolivian plateau.
224	192	Phenomenal writer. Chinatown is about as perfect a film as you can ask for. I wish *Tequila Sunrise* and *8 Million Ways to Die* were better films though. Two great ideas but poor execution.
225	910	It's an interesting film, I think it has a good mix of what Tarantino does best and a lot of his worst habits. At it's best, you get scenes like _German three_ scene, the intro, and rewriting history to kill Hitler in the climax. At its worst, you get major pacing issues, and Mike Myers in old man prosthetics. I really like the film but I wish it was about 20 minutes shorter. An issue I don't have with his earlier long films like Pulp Fiction and Jackie Brown. My other issue which doesn't exist  [...]
226	372	I’m tearing up reading this. I think you’re right. And, since Kyoko wasn’t programmed to have a language, a voice or to be a problem solving robot, she may have needed someone like Ava to help her. I think she was programmed to have feelings, empathy, a sexuality and definitely a mind… just not all the tools required to escape on her own. Where would she go, the forest?
227	197	I’m tearing up reading this. I think you’re right. And, since Kyoko wasn’t programmed to have a language, a voice or to be a problem solving robot, she may have needed someone like Ava to help her.
228	943	&gt;The second act begins with the crash cut of the bone tumbling through the air to the similarly-shaped spaceship (another tool manifested out of advanced man’s developing intelligence). I think that's not quite right. I think act one is the Dawn of Man AND the so-called "Floyd" section. The second act is the titular Odyssey to Jupiter The third act is a little more oblique here, but the stargate sequences up to the end should probably constitute it. It was not unheard of for Roadshow-type fil [...]
229	436	Surrealism contrasts with realism. It’s often described as dreamlike because generally people can relate to having weird dreams where specific elements seem jarring or unnatural to reality. I don’t watch Charlie Kaufman movies and go “yeah I’ve dreamt of this” but there’s a sense of stylistic confusion that doesn’t necessarily halt the narrative so it doesn’t need to be taken literally. It’s usually addressing subtext in the film.
230	529	River’s Edge from 1986 needs to be part of the conversation. A lot of Gen X themes are explored, kids who band together (our little group has always been and always will) but who also have no empathy or emotional connection to what is going on (I feel the pain of everyone, then I feel nothing). I remember reading a review years ago where it said this was a film about a bunch of kids from a town like the one that Kurt Cobain grew up in and it was one of the first films to suggest that something w [...]
231	694	Also, 2046 is symbolic of the final year that Hong Kong has freedom as a democracy before they have to come back under China's control. So I think 2046 also represents the concept of 'borrowed time', something that Mr Chow touches upon with Bai Ling — how he sees the relationships in his life as people borrowing/loaning each other their time. In the finale of the film and the entire informal trilogy, Mr Chow tells Bai Ling what the one thing is that he will never lend to someone/a woman. And tha [...]
232	17	The Holy Mountain
233	2367	I wrote a long answer to this but fell asleep just before hitting send and the reddit mobile app doesn't save drafts... so I'll try again: "2046" is my all time favourite film! I'll need to rewatch to touch up on the finer plot points and threads. I can't fully remember the white haired android and what she symbolised, but another important thing you seem to have missed, is that Faye Wong's android in the 2046 sci-fi story isn't just supposed to mirror Jing-wen and Mr Chow's unrequited love for  [...]
234	375	He was preceded in death by his sister -- no -- his daughter! His sister! His daughter! &gt; What are your thoughts on Towne and his legacy? The Last Detail and Chinatown are amazing films. Those creative forces he aligned with were the epitome of cool, edgy, smart filmmaking with stories that continue to resonate 50 years later. I wonder where P.H. Vazak's Oscar is now?
235	12	try Vivarium
236	80	Yeah I think so too! But for me I’m coming here after watching Kinds of Kindness
237	871	Inglorious Bastards...cult classic? The 2009 movie by one of the most famous directors in the world, starring one of the top 2 or 3 most famous actors in the world, which at that point was QT's most successful box office release (by far) - making over $320M worldwide, released on over 3,000 North American screens on opening weekend? Nominated for 8 Academy Awards, pretty much all the big ones, too, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Best Cinematography, Best Editing [...]
238	297	This movie is genuinely horrendous. Got a couple laughs out of me, so I guess it was worth seeing in that respect. Horrendous editing and cinematography, cardboard cutout characters, (marisa tomei) and the most laughably melodramatic plot on earth. it's a shame that this is what lumet went out on
239	565	Robert Towne was just one of those screenwriters you knew did solid work, no matter the film. While I don't believe he had a distinctive style from the films he wrote, he had a real grounded sense of character that shone through all his work. A lot of films are unmemorable because the characters aren't well defined, Towne's were defined by the little moments he knew exactly how to write. Everything from Mission Impossible to Chinatown to even Days of Thunder or Marathon Man, Towne just knew how  [...]
240	323	I find it kind of crazy that the studios never thought about archiving or backups. Like, did they just think the film would last forever stored the way it was or did they know it probably wouldn’t last but didn’t care? I guess I just find it weird that they didn’t have another copy of the films in another vault somewhere
241	25	Some say he did just fine
242	129	*Un Chien Andalou* 1928 *Meshes of the Afternoon* 1943 *The Mirror* 1975 *Eraserhead* 1977 *Brazil* 1985 *Perfect Blue* 1997
243	148	I thought the ring was going to be the thing that got him caught with finger prints and all but why would the run fingerprints on a missing ring ugh
244	397	I just randomly stumbled upon this movie this evening and yes I agree Scarlett jo is magnificent in this and this really is a veer of a different type of justice…. He truly will never feel true happiness in his life after what he did And the bit of an Easter egg in their first dinner in the movie when Chris and Nola and family talk about luck at the table ….. well it does end unlucky for them
245	246	*Andalou* is absolutely dream-like. It is constantly shifting places and people in ways that are like dreams, has horrific imagery, and doesn't make sense narratively. I can't even think of a film that's more dreamlike. Might just be my dreams.
246	13	Cool, thanks.
247	79	That's interesting, I would wonder if the film has any references to addiction.
248	808	I just did a Crash/Titane double feature and though I believe Titane is an objectively better movie, Crash left the biggest impression of me and I’m still thinking about it. The story is wholly original and I was gripped throughout. I was a big fan of Koteas’ character as well as Hunter’s (I’m a sucker for a bad bitch in a trench coat and bob) and just the chemistry between everyone in general. Loved the soundtrack and the cinematography too, and was overall enthralled with the tension of how fa [...]
249	135	I would have loved a film where it's just a son and his court-appointed guardian during a weekend away from his mother who is on trial.
250	227	Lolol this is spot on. God he really hated her...or women like her...or all women. And the main court person just let him talk and talk! Yet when Sandra's lawyer talked, the woman was like "Settle down!" and "Get to the point!"
251	37	Mullholland Drive is a surreal movie.
252	61	what dumbass talks like that lmao I need to get off reddit.
253	211	If you want dreamlike movies then Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is pretty good. A lot of Kaufman movies are pretty abstract while still being mainstream. Like Synecdoche, New York or Being John Malcovich
254	72	Thank you bro that was so helpful🙏 Any good surreal movie suggestions ?
255	33	Your comment deserves more likes.
256	58	It was a toss up between that and the one I went with, lol
257	739	Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette See the breaking glass In the underpass See the breaking glass In the underpass Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Hear the crushing steel Feel the steering wheel Hear the crushing steel Feel the steering wheel Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm leatherette melts On your burning flesh You can see your reflection In the luminescent dash Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette Warm Leatherette A tear of petrol is in  [...]
258	32	The New World, without question.
259	561	This film really took a toll on me and wondering why ANYONE would make a film and call it art or make it into something that is disturbingly disgusting. My first time and only time I ever watched this was when my “friend” introduced me to this, and gladly they are not my friend anymore. But this film really made me disgusted and want to cry, and feel so much empathy for things that can happen. NEVER again will I ever watch this and if anyone says otherwise, then I wouldn’t want to even be around [...]
260	267	One of my favorite films. Don't have much to add to the great comments already posted. Having visited Toronto for the first recently, I thought Cronenberg captured the feeling of the city's burbs quite well (sterile, sprawling yet with pockets of closeness / density)
261	362	For me the film makes more sense as being a dark comedy about addicts. They have all the same reactions as drug addicts, except in this case the drug is a ridiculous fetish that is almost impossible to have, and in that way it's like the perfect encapsulation of that slave to addiction, these people are literally smashing themselves up in cars to get the high.
262	644	I was thinking mainly of Slow Death / Slow Death Funnies (1970-'79), but Hydrogen Bomb and Biochemical Warfare Funnies (1970) and Corporate Crime (1977) might be worth checking out too. You can read online copies of Slow Death here: [https://readcomiconline.li/Comic/Slow-Death-Funnies](https://readcomiconline.li/Comic/Slow-Death-Funnies) (first issues) and here: [https://readcomiconline.li/Comic/Slow-Death](https://readcomiconline.li/Comic/Slow-Death) Not sure if the other ones I mentioned are a [...]
263	350	I think it’s all part of Ben’s sick game. But from a narrative standpoint it’s also done to try to sow doubt in the mind of the audience. Another thing I notice when watching that scene is that it’s almost as if Ben is embracing Jong Su when he is stabbed, I took it that Ben was almost glad that Jong Su figured it out. I could be projecting though.
264	220	&gt;His death at the end was meaningless, he’s just another dog tag. The people he killed died for nothing, he died for nothing IIRC he died seconds after saving some little child soldier. seems like "something" to me.
265	486	The entire artistic movement of surrealism (both in film and other arts/media) is based on the idea of expressing the unconscious mind. And since dreams are the most widely understood way that people experience and are aware of the unconscious mind, it is fair to say that surrealism implies a dream-like quality. You could also apply other adjectives to surrealism like illogical, fantastical, uncanny, absurd, etc. But dream-like is still probably is the most apt description of it.
266	39	*The Last Detail* is a fantastic movie.
267	16	Wait, what rape?
268	164	I agree with you which was why I found it disappointing. I was hoping for deep reflections on life and truth and instead I got a tornado of fights across universes.
269	138	This is absolutely not what it’s about. Or at least, that’s the third least important aspect. Read anything about the novel it’s based on.
270	38	Can we please keep this about Rampart?
271	624	Sorry I’m late to the party, after watching this movie, I picked up on cues of Max &amp; Deborah’s future relations when Noodles and Deborah are sat having their final dinner together at that reserved hall. She goes on to say “to the top”about how she feels that Noodles will hold her back on her career, she wants to go on to bigger and better things and leave for Hollywood. Implying her big ambitions (Max is also ambitious in the movie with his motive to do a heist on the federal reserve later o [...]
272	328	A movie way ahead of its time based on a book way ahead of its time. To me it perfectly foreshadowed/mirrored the rise of ubiquitous free internet pornography. The world is sterile and uncanny. Sex is married with violence. Humanity is confronted with hyperstimulus and the response is rote, compulsive and deeply unsatisfying.
273	155	I don't remember him using the word great a lot. His wife Michelle did. Maybe you meant her. I do remember vividly him murdering Americans. How about you?
274	508	I recently watched The Last Detail for the first time, had somehow slipped under my radar. One of the best roles Nicholson ever had, which is saying something. Towne's commentary track on Chinatown with David Fincher is also a good listen. It's not particularly in-depth on insight into the film, but still interesting for any cinephile. Mainly because Fincher is usually a very sardonic character, but in Towne's presence and watching a film he sounds like a wide-eyed kid talking about his favourit [...]
275	37	Where would I find them? Sounds neat.
276	46	Ballard did not anticipate Julia Ducournau lol
277	2141	I don't understand anyone, no matter tgeir race, wanting to hide history. I think the film depicted it's true error no matter how it makes people feel, even today. All of that is beside the point. None of us can change History. History needs to be left in tact. There was many sides in this time period just like there is today and at any other time in History. It was a way of life. It involved everybody in some way or another. It effected everyone in some way or other. Just because you don't like [...]
278	427	it's a story about queer people. so much of queer culture is entangled with kink and i find that crash is a film about finding a community that understands you whole without full context. all of these characters are chasing pleasure, they're looking for twisted metal and scarred skin and sodomizing. one of the sexiest films of all time, and i get so much out of it. i think elias koteas and james spader are so sexy in it too
279	199	The Naked Island by Kaneto Shindo (1960) for sure. Completely free of dialogue: just one family of four eking out an existence on a terraced island which they farm using water carried from elsewhere.
280	388	He did not hone in his expository tendencies at all, the only film of his he managed to do that was dunkirk The Dark Knight also is full of characters spelling out their motivations and ideas instead of actions Facepalmed so hard when Emily Blunt tells Oppie something like "you think punishing yourself by getting roasted in this court will wash away your sins?" or some shit like that
281	224	Kelly Reinhardt movies (like First Cow), Nomadland, The Taste of Things, Jeff Nichols movies (but in a sadder way) like Take Shelter or Midnight Special. Maybe Guadagnino too? And I wonder if The Green Knight falls into this
282	166	Yes! That was exactly what I was looking for, thank you! My father couldn't believe this came from Ben, because it sounded like he still expected Hae-Mi to be alive
283	1221	It's a fantastic film that is really ahead of the times and likely wouldn't get made today (as we're living in a more puritanical era in spite of the technological progress made). The car is such a central, determinating figure to 20th century society and (in the US anyway) is directly responsible for altering (ruining) how people interact with each other so making it the main focus in the text to comment on people seeking connection is brilliant. The sex in the film is by and large sterile (lac [...]
284	675	Fascinating. So his double? You mean Root—the double from earlier in the film when Angier was performing his original transported man? But didn't Root betray Angier though—didn't he already help Borden sabotage Angier and thus, was responsible for Angier's leg getting badly damaged in the trapdoor fall? Wasn't Root already trying to blackmail Angier? Why would Angier use him again? And if Angier did use Root, did Angier also kill him already? Is he the one in the tank? Then who are all the other [...]
285	71	well! everyone’s entitled to their opinion i guess ❤️ and that’s yours!
286	221	Yeah it's targeted quite specifically to go into mental health, because that's where I'm coming from. Helping people understand what they missed from that angle. What are the strongest arguments against it in your view?
287	221	There's a bunch of underground comix from the 60s and 70s that are explicitly anti-car, with strong environmentalist, anti-capitalist messages. Just thought you might be into checking them out if you aren't aware of them.
288	19	speak for yourself!
289	452	This is such a reddit-brained ignorant comment. Pretty sure Cronenberg and J. G. Ballard were aware of Fordism, like most of the world's population, excluding you... Even Phil Ochs wrote 'My Kingdom for a Car' (the personal automobile has always been understood to symbolise contemporary capitalism, the american dream and 'freedom', and related concepts). The profound ignorance and this silly view formed from ignorance in this comment is staggering.
290	4	Mubi
291	180	Kurosawa adapted the film from the short story "In a Grove" by Ryūnosuke Akutagawa about a murder recounted from 7 different perspectives. It was written well before WWII in 1922.
292	30	Definitely not *sexy* fucking!
293	107	But you can't actually see her face, just her chin and some of her mouth. And DNA wasn't a thing back then.
294	520	Car crash, the pressing of two lips Hard steel and an accidental death One action does you up Kiss of steel Press your face to the metal crash Feel your nose and cheek bones crack What action does you up Kiss of steel We sleep in a Rolls of love The waiting ecstacy We wait upon your speed Kiss of steel We're having a love affair with a Chevy in midair Kiss of steel Let the mouth taste the silver spread Let it ride and the rubber screech One shot will do them up Kiss of steel
295	64	*Videodrome* is quite clear in that regard, I highly suggest it.
296	1073	I think you hit the nail on the head with the fact that there seems to be too much going on. But, but I think the reason that happens is because there is no bow tied to the end. I don't really know what this movie is trying to say, and it seems they didn't either (with the multiple endings trope). If I took anything away, it's that black writers and creators should just tell their own stories, and sell out? Which I don't particularly love, granted, I'm not black so I can't attest to whether that [...]
297	100	Judging by a lot of the comments [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/boxoffice/s/ycPQOF81CP) I'd say yes
298	103	&gt;16-20 episodes at the production level defined by the film. And would have cost insane amounts lol
299	730	&gt; I've only watched it once so far, and I'm by no means an expert on anything film. However, my one issue i had straight on leaving the cinema was that it should have been two films. It just felt a little bit like flat out drink water of life, emperor turns up, win the fight, duel, end. That seems to happen quicker than Paul learns to ride a sandworm: I felt the same way after the movie, I was like ... they tried to fit too much into one movie there, not enough development ... it probably wou [...]
300	34	It's not even an uncommon opinion.
301	258	One of our top ten, really. My wife is native, so that may be part. However, we love the performances. Wes Studi, Eric Schweig. Russell Means (I was lucky enough to see him speak once). I have a lot of appreciation for Michael Mann for his work on this film.
302	335	Huh, I don't remember their suits changing. I'll have to look for that next time. &gt;Hadn't they evolved to wear the original stillsuits for efficient water regulation/consumption? That's not really how evolution works. They knew how to use them extremely efficiently, but they didn't evolve to the suits. Unless I missed a detail.
303	286	Agreed. For what the movie has to do in under 3 hours, I was pretty impressed with what it accomplished. A lot of talks about the pacing are giving me the same feelings of people who complained the LOTR movies didn't have Tom Bombadill or the Scouring. Movies have to make sacrifices.
304	78	It’s feminist/fragile male ego to suggest that relationships are complex? Lol.
305	356	And the Ughyrs and to some extent Ukraine too. I mean, even in everyday situations, the idea that people (who normally see themselves as good or well intentioned) are complicit in evil too. Whether it is bullying, racism, child abuse, domestic abuse, neglect, murder….to some extent we are all complicit to these things, whether we are aware of it or not.
306	78	I mean, we do see them as capable in the movies by how they win their fights.
307	85	Did people really want a half hour final battle sequence? That would have been awful.
308	217	&gt; The pacing of this movie is genuinely one of the best accomplishments. It is soooo hard to do a film with this amount of content and relationship building Most of the relationships feels super shallow though ...
309	776	&gt;Like the casting of Tracee Ellis Ross and Sterling K. Brown really put a damper on the serious topic because they’re known for being in comedy movies. I get the movie is a satire but they really overboard with the satire point to where the satire is watered down. That’s not what satire is supposed to be. Both of them can do drama. How many Emmys did Sterling get nominated for making people cry on This Is Us again? The script just doesn't give them the opportunity to really breathe and showca [...]
310	333	is it bullshit? i’ve never read the books and it always seemed to be ambiguous in the film, and actually i thought the film was suggesting that he actually is the guy who was prophesied to be coming. not that that necessarily makes him THE MESSIAH, but just that all the things they said would happen actually did happen through him.
311	108	I am saying a lot of dudes on the internet get more riled up at _some_ people whether they deserve it or not
312	1051	The "I will always love you" from the main character really falls quite flat : - the love relationship build up is really not enough, it feels like ... "heh" - the young Harkkonen story also ends as quick as its started, you can feel that they were trying to hype the character, make it something strong/powerful/impressive .... but it's just gone, simply gone. - the Baron death (and life in the movie) is utterly disappointing, the might of the character, the pressure was gone in the blink of an e [...]
313	473	You are absolutely right. Just watched Napoleon, and felt the same way. I'm no expert, but I have been watching films for a very long time. I think it's pacing, and above all, script writing. Good writing is difficult to find. Rewatch the Godfather and notice how good the pacing is. Scenes are not rushed. And now, when you think about AI writing scripts this will become even more pronounced. You can't program AI to understand the intricacies of human interaction.
314	174	I totally agree with you, and I'm a little disappointed in myself for being "activated" last night. I was kinda drunk. I'm happy that there are no typos or expletives though.
315	206	I recently watched this for the first time and felt the same way. I suppose the subject matter and the way it was treated could have been unique at the time it came out. I found the film pretty unremarkable
316	223	I had all the same questions, but I feel like the movie very deliberately doesn’t answer them, I think it’s a stylistic choice honestly. Personally I love it, it just makes me want to watch again or read more about the lore
317	551	I’m not familiar with this or the controversy—I really should refrain from comment. But here goes anyway. I’ve growing numb to this kind of engagement baiting generally. Every news org and media property, whether amateur or professional, knows what they’re doing. Doesn’t need to be entertained or taken seriously. Feeding minor, contained controversy—“activating fandoms” or whatever the ugly language is—it’s just a game they play with audiences. Audiences like playing it back, I guess it counts a [...]
318	234	I agree with you about the Big Pic hosts, especially Sean. He seems like a smart guy who can have intelligent thoughts on and discussions about film, but also get super stoked on the TMNT movie. His best work though is undoubtedly JMO
319	88	Whew, thought maybe it was just me on Zendaya. She is not good at romance and affection.
320	279	It definitely has issues with character depth, but it’s still in my personal top 100. It’s uniquely gorgeous and it has great flow; the woods shots are of impeccable clarity even when shot in relative darkness; the score is haunting and the story never fails to give me feelings.
321	782	I will echo many comments but having recently read through the first 2 books in anticipation of this movie, it matches the book. Frank Herbert only wrote out the hand to hand fights he found important and yadda yadda'd the other stuff, and most of the book is describing stuff or people's thoughts and talking (more of what became game of thrones than Star Wars). Once Paul actually takes the water of life, the war of the desert is swiftly over in one fell swoop in both book and movie, he and the f [...]
322	676	The movie didn't really try to show him as anything but a perfect hero. It didn't try to show the experience he was going through. Barely any premonitions are shown and they're so vague. A few dozen people dying from drought and famine. The amount of stuff that you have to explain about what's happening in the scenes to someone who hasn't read the books is staggering. The worm riding test was supposed to show Paul experiencing the rising crescendo of premonition taking away his sense of self and [...]
323	28	What exactly are you saying?
324	800	You didn't see the film as "living in the moment" when he spends his lunch looking up photographing trees, and the few lines he does speak are to his niece, "next time is next time", "Now is now". You used the word "juxtaposition" but you clearly missed the obvious comparison between his appreciation of living trees and Tokyo's Skytree Tower (one of the tallest in the world) that dominates the landscape in multiple shots. And he NEVER takes a picture of it. Yes, his life is bittersweet. Whose li [...]
325	117	Reading this comment I can tell you're a fucking racist? What a stupid fucking statement. Funny how that works out?
326	282	We actually watched this a few weeks ago and I agree completely with you. Something about it felt dated and despite the great score and some flashes of brilliance I don't think it's one I'd rewatch again or rate as highly as I once did. The script is a lot weaker than I remembered.
327	361	This is what happens when you have a hundred different podcasts trying to carve out a niche in the cinema community. Not enough guests of good calibre to go around. See also the recent episode of Maximum Film where Ever Mainard was invited on to talk about *Drive-Away Dolls* and admitted early in the discussion they hadn't even actually watched the movie.
328	291	Is OP Hiriyama's sister? Please lay off him. The man is doing the best he can, and he's content with the simple life he's built. I hope you can patch things up with him, but maybe do a bit of soul searching first. &gt;!Also, my condolences for your father's health!&lt;. May you find peace.
329	403	Very fair points, I definitely think they skimmed through a lot of the fedaykin and sietch stuff and while I sort of agreed with why they did it the problem like you mentioned was there was almost no sense of time lapsed. Would really loved to have seen this be a really tight tv show instead of a movie. That being said, I'm still really happy with what they made even though it's far from perfect.
330	189	I don't know who they're talking about or what podcast this is, but just from the post and OP's comments, I guessed the person was probably from a minority group. Funny how that works out?
331	64	&gt; Doesn't know who Michel Legrand is. who the fuck cares man
332	145	Yeah compare them to say, James Cameron, who makes visually impressive, but for me anyway the emotionally vacuous and uninteresting Avatar movies
333	22	People who are not you
334	493	I think what you’re getting at is actually part of the movie’s strength. It’s not a modern story of complex and conflicted protagonists finding their way through a morally grey world, but unabashedly an epic romance and a story of heroes and villains. In that sense, archetypal characters serve the story best, giving everything this heightened and certain feel, where the stakes and the world and the people are clearly defined. Kinda like old stories of knights and princesses and dragons.
335	49	We can refer to the canonical lynch film for that
336	121	My first "how do you mean" was just seeking to confirm their point. It wasn't immediately clear which way they meant that
337	25	I see what u did there...
338	186	As someone who hasnt reed the book I kind of feel like that added to the scene tho? That he doesnt need to be able to fight any of them he just needed to convince them that was the case?
339	129	He’s not saying they’re beyond critique, I think the point is that he’s criticizing this critic’s weirdly lackadaisical attitude.
340	321	Its weird because I did feel like the climax went by to quickly. (Except for the duel there wasnt a single moment where I felt anything even approaching tension.) But I also find the color palette of the majority of these movies to be so fucking boring that I just kind of wanted to leave in the middle of the big battle.
341	1285	I guess i was talking around the questions. I think mimi was interested in nigel so oscar go to procure him. **i think mimi rejects nigel** because she think oscar likes nigel so she decides to do something opposite of what oscar wants even though that is what she initially wanted. **ii think fiona and mimi suddenly having lesbian sex** is because mimi shifted gears on oscar as mentioned in the previous paragrap. Fiona was starved for attention. She has been married to nigel and maybe because th [...]
342	590	I enjoyed Yesterday. It was released during a time before the whole alternate universe thing got stale. I like that he became famous because I really pulled for that character. Your scenario would have been a depression fest. Of course I’ve seen Requiem for a Dream, Schindler’s List, and Oldboy… but by doing a sort of A Star is Born with a guy in that universe, it’s charming. Kids can watch it too. I miss films like this. Kids with their parents deserve to both be able to go to cinema together a [...]
343	439	He's on coke or something. He's very intuitive, he reports on the vibe coarsing through him when he was watching the movie or his memory of what he thought other people were thinking. But his most annoying thing is deleting a paragraph of speech with I Don't Know as if to acknowledge that whatever bullshit he just babbled doesnt count against the Pulitzer if he says I Don't Know. Bill is stuck in 2010 being enamoured of Wesley Morris
344	21	Which was their point
345	229	Great take on the movie. I can finally sleep. I feel like I wish i could make every other person who posted in this thread read your post so they would know the true meaning, lol. Thanks for taking the time to write all that out.
346	237	IF WE AREN'T MEANT TO COMPARE IT TO THE BOOKS (sic) THEY SHOULD'VE CALLED IT "TheChrisLambert's revised and objectively correct story which leans heavily on Herbert's Dune but changes the story completely for people who don't read much"
347	7709	Idk if this is just my take, but I think it was beautifully shot, amazing set pieces, fantastic CGI, etc. But, the characters felt so flat and undeveloped. We never se Paul do anything, just the results. He blows up the spice depot, but we see nothing of how he's connected to that. He "has a crack team" that takes down the spice harvester, but that was 70% mines doing their thing. He's never developed beyond being a kid who just happened to be born in the right place at the right time. He never  [...]
348	51	Glad I'm not alone on it. Was bored out my mind lol
349	249	This. Helms Deep had me on the edge of my seat because I truly cared about the outcome and the wellbeing of the good guys. In Dune 2 I honestly couldnt care less about the “good guys” surviving. Had zero emotional connection with the main characters
350	256	&gt; In other tangents, his main criticism of "Anatomy of a Fall" was that no one else could have killed the husband (ummm, how about the husband?). If you took that film to be an actual murder mystery then the point of the film flew right over your head.
351	764	personnaly, the dread of it all, the layer beneath the sensory overload that made the experience a symbolic driven catharsis, was how much these themes were relying on both family and tribal structures, and how the narrative translate to what the experience of cinema fundamentaly is - this stemming from what a visual narrative experience entails and how we relate to stories. all of this is very well articulated in the movie, in the pacing of the scenes and the overall structures. maybe it's not  [...]
352	274	The movie is called Dune, Mr. Movie man. Why is that I wonder? The only point of comparison is the source text which, again, you have clearly not read. Stop calling people stupid and go get some exercise. It's an "objective" truth that it's good for humans, literate or not.
353	111	Which they failed in imo. It felt like he was there one afternoon in the desert with Chani just messing around.
354	77	Oh wow I didn’t think about this but you may be right re: being a bit unwell.
355	1422	The way I think of it is that it’s basically the Family Guy episode where Brian wrote a self help book that he hated but also put no effort into and people ate it up. Then he got wrapped up in the world that he claimed to hate and let it go to his head. Not only that but when he was challenged on national tv he folded and admitted that he thought the book was crap. I throughly enjoyed the film and I quite understand your criticisms. From the perspective of myself, a black man who throughout a lo [...]
356	195	I 100% agree that in some spots it felt like a Nolan movie. The all over the place editing and erratic moving throughout the plot with seemingly only one goal, moving on to the next big set piece
357	207	If anything is objective here it's the meaning of words we use to comment on our subjective realities. So when you say "LITERARY analysis of a FILM (based entirely on a book)" you don't know shit about shit.
358	151	&gt; I didn't even realize this was a point of contention with anyone. Right? I can't tell if it's lack of attention towards the film or towards life.
359	190	But, like, what are people reading to think Dune is a challenging book? I know that guy TheChrisLambert reads a lot of movie reviews so that his interpretation is always "objectively" right.
360	947	I commented earlier in this thread but I just watched L’Argent yesterday and I feel that it represents this list perfectly. A French film by a legendary director and it also happened to be the last film of that director. Before this movie I had never watched his work and this movie made me curious about the rest of his work so I will give the rest of his work a shot even though I personally didn’t enjoy L’Argent *that* much. But the premise of the movie is that this guy gets done dirty by gettin [...]
361	435	To me it felt like they were supposed to make a trilogy, and then decided to just finish up the story and maybe do a third messiah movie somewhere down the line Having part 2 be about his time with the Fremens, gaining their trust, winning territory, and then ending it with getting pushed back to the South would have made more sense imo. Then Part 3 is about the storyline in the south, becoming the chosen one, and the final battle
362	636	I said the exact same thing about Nightcrawler. I thought it was sort of an out of the box pick for this topic but I’m glad to see someone else has gotten on the train with me. I think the most important and interesting thing about the film is just how evil he gets and his potential to get more evil in the future. And at the end he’s training other people and saying that he’s not gonna make them do anything that he wouldn’t do. Which means his disciples are gonna be much more evil than him in th [...]
363	277	But a lot of the editing choices in the movie have nothing to do with how hard to adapt the book is. Like having the start of his desert journey where he is aided by Chani basically be completely skipped over to jarringly cut into the assault on the harvester, was just odd imo
364	32	They were. This was new to them.
365	346	I kinda liked the 4th matrix, it wasn’t as groundbreaking as the first 2, but then what it right???? The commentary was a bit on the nose at times but I like what it did and for those who are younger or maybe had questions about aspects of the first 3 films what they were doing and what they were meant to be I feel like they filled it in nicely
366	588	I think the end didn't feel like a climax because the whole rest of the movie just feels too rushed. Paul needed the 3 years to bond with the Fremen and become a full tribal member. There isn't enough time to flesh out any of the other characters either. Feyd, Gurney, the Baron, the Emperor, they all seem too superficial. I've said it over and over, but I think it could only be done properly with 2 or 3 seasons of a big-budget TV show. In the book Paul and Chani have a child which is killed in a [...]
367	29	Absolutely ludicrous opinion.
368	624	Im getting the impression you think Im someone Im not but Ill happily answer. Personally, I think shame is an extremely powerful tool both for society and individuals. Short of physical force it is probably one our most powerful social tools. It is a way for the larger society to police itself and that kind of power will inevitably be used for the wrong reasons. It's easy to shoehorn shame into being nothing but negative until you look around you one day and really see what the world looks like  [...]
369	1421	In the books pretty much everyone from house Atreides dislikes and mistrusts Jessica, suspecting she is a spy. She is seen (not without reason) as the member of a secretive, manipulative power broker group that has seduced the Duke for god knows what agenda. Gurney in the books is possibly the least to care about her. Thufir straight up thinks she is a traitor and holds this true for long after the assault on Arrakeen. Duncan has a pretty awesome scene right at the start where he meets her in a  [...]
370	2462	Finally I managed to read the book before watching the movie, and I 100% agree. I understand not wanting to focus on a theme that the "adaptor" doesn't feel as his own, but it would have been okay to just set it in Glasgow and leave it all as it is. Trying to forget the book for a second, I still feel like the movie is thematically weak. It's supposed to be a movie about Bella discovering herself and the world, and trying to find a place in it, but then what about her witnessing the ugliness of  [...]
371	946	I was mostly disappointed with the final battle and how fast it was over the emperor took his entire army and had the best of the best at his disposal only to be defeated in 5 minutes by the fremen and sand worms which they should of been more prepared to fight. I was thinking why is his entire army in the open and have no shield defending the emperors army at all and when the fighting starts you get 2 scenes of the battle and then the fremen are at the emperors door with the entire army defeate [...]
372	141	People are critical of those takes, But his opinion on Asteroid City is not the reason Reddit is still whinging about a podcast 5 days later.
373	388	It was shit, not only because the two main actors were awful. But also because of how much was cut, changed, replaced, and glossed over from the source material. They ruined chani’s character and so much more. Just an all around awful movie. Second worst film adaptation after starship troopers. And that wasn’t even written as an adaptation they just used the name for brand recognition.
374	581	I know who Wes Anderson is. A director with the specific style that I really like. You can at the very least say that you can never expect where the stories he is telling are going. It is always a delight to watch ones of his movies. I know who Michel Legrand is. A composer of some excellent soundtracks that were able to move into the mainstream and who has won several awards. Some of the songs he made outside movies are still often used in short films or commercials (like "Di-gue-ding-ding") I  [...]
375	142	Did you watch the movie? How can you watch that ending and think that Villeneuve thinks Paul is a hero let alone that he presented him as one?
376	1377	I knew I recognized OP from somewhere https://www.reddit.com/r/entertainment/comments/1b0lth1/comment/ks9anrz/ &gt; His point is graceless and illiterate - although he would probably be proud to lay claim for the latter. &gt; "The Godfather", "Gone with the Wind", "Lawrence of Arabia", "Spartacus", "Star Wars", "Blade Runner", "Titanic" ... the list of epic films with memorable dialogue goes on and on. &gt; Denis thinks "pretty pictures = direction". Clearly a filmbro who worships Villeneuve, lm [...]
377	892	Is he shit at his job? I don’t think so. He says he’s never made a mistake until the shot at the beginning. And we kind of can intuit that he’s not lying since we see the repercussions of failure. We then see him go through the film and get the upper hand on all these other supposed experts. He struggles against the guy in Florida, but that dude was more than twice his size! That’s not incompetence to beat someone that big. I agree that it could have been funny. We start out with this long monol [...]
378	139	“Popcorn flick” seems to not have much of a meaning anymore. It’s more like an off-hand for “movies I don’t enjoy that much” at this point.
379	541	Barbie is more than marketing, it was so profound and excessive or even politicized. I don't live in the US so that might be the reason I find it so crazy and nonsense but as a role model or toy (whatever you say) Barbie means nothing to me. That movie and the crowd behind it make the whole thing as "you don't adore the movie then you are sexist, you adore the movie then you're a great person" You were attacked and got cancelled for telling "it is OK just fun but nothing great" so that reminded  [...]
380	399	I totally agree with you about the character of Hazel, she definitely stood out but was not classed as one of the protagonist, I feel with her is where the film tried to have their cake and eat it too. Her motivations and decisions made the film unique. I was surprised with myself on how much i enjoyed the film, i have been avoiding teen comedies lately and i'm glad that i did not avoid this one.
381	502	I really think that there is no more a reference to the exploitation of a capitalist system in the film than there is one about perfectionism in baking. I feel like you came to the film while thinking a lot about capitalism, so I see how that might fit, but perfectionism and trying to be very good at something and building your identity around it has nothing to do with money sometimes. Unless you count "feeling good" and "being admired" as a form of capital, in which case everything is capitalis [...]
382	2408	&gt; People who don’t have empathy don’t have to constantly tell themselves to not empathize with others. &gt; &gt; That’s a problem that I have with the movie. Fassbender plays the character as too cold when the entire narration is dedicated to him trying to detach himself from what he’s doing. But that was what the point of the movie was for me. The Killer is a very, very deadpan comedy. More so than a thriller. It's a film about the lies we tell ourselves in order to justify our existence, it [...]
383	1193	&gt; I didn't make to movie! No, but you're the one who chooses to read some statement about gender issues into it and focus only on the fact that "IT WAS ALL MEN!!!!!!!" It is of course everybody's right to interpret a piece of art in accordance with their personal ideology, but I'm just saying that I think your discernment comes far out of left field (pun intended). Because the indisputable fact remains that this is a movie which tries to illustrate that "Time destroys everything." That's it.  [...]
384	1665	I thought the film was an extremely fun teen satire, however, i do think the film falls into its own trap and fails to fully capitalize on its own premise. The film ostensibly wants to be a parody of teen comedies. It lampoons the genre to extremes and plays with the classic archetypes as you say. But the movie also wants to be a sincere attempt at placing lesbians at the centerstage, and still tries to keep focus on the central friend conflict that we have seen in all the teen comedies it is tr [...]
385	196	The very beginning is also extremely unsettling in cinemas. I think anyone under 12 might get super spooked. That and the gore (the cutting open of the shark, the injured pelican, the rock scene…)
386	846	Hell, one of the great details of this movie was that the obviousness of his false aliases went completely unnoticed by every single person who saw them. The movie wants to make that point too! An interesting thing I noticed in the streaming era is that a lot of this so-called "content" is designed to just be on. In the background. Playing in your earbuds while you multitask at work. Made to ask if you are still watching it after you fell asleep barely paying attention to it. Etcetera etcetera.  [...]
387	608	Eh, I’d say that Zodiac still handles the emotional toll of the story in a cold way. I’d also say that Gone Girl would have been more interesting if Rosamund Pike’s character wasn’t so hollow. One of the weirdest acting choices I’ve seen was for Pike to put on a some sort of femme fatale voice for that role. You got to play against expectations there and she didn’t. I mean, he does a lot of movies about people doing horrific acts. If he really went into the emotional reality of these stories, th [...]
388	457	I agree I watched it recently and watched it again a week ago, and at some points I genuinely did laugh out loud, which is rare, especially when watching something alone. I felt attached to the characters, and wanted Josie and Isabel to end up together in the end: they were a cute couple. I also found the satire did work really well, it was a caricature of high school life, obviously it's not going to be realistic. People need to stop deeping everything
389	120	I'd only put Ran above it. And as you say, his legacy would be great with just his direction or his acting, he got both.
390	678	&gt;Who here agrees that *Chimes at Midnight* is the best Shakespeare adaptation ever? I do! I think in a very close second is the Russian *Gamlet* (*Hamlet*) (1964). Brilliant adaptation, and supposedly Shakespeare devotees Kenneth Branagh and John Gielgud consider it the definitive *Hamlet* adaptation. Of course *Ran* (1985) and *Throne of Blood* (1957) are high up there, but I'm a bit torn on how to count them. *Gamlet* preserves the full story and setting, only changing the language, whereas [...]
391	27	god you’re insufferable lol
392	323	It felt as close to an exercise in boredom as one can get. It is as if Fincher looked at John Wick and thought: how about that, but I’ll make it absurdingly boring. Oh, and the fight scenes? Pitch black, let’s make ‘em squint their eyes. I mean, I get it. I got it all. I just think that the movie could have been an email.
393	687	But not always Fincher's style. ***Zodiac*** is extremely emotional both with regard to Jake Gyllenhaal's character, his wife Chloe Sevigny and his friend Robert Downey Jr. Though it is a highly procedural thriller, the core of the story is about the emotional toll all the murder has had on these people and even to some extent on the cop played by Mark Ruffalo. Meanwhile ***Gone Girl*** is effective, I would argue, precisely because of the way Rosamund Pike's psycho character impacts on the emot [...]
394	114	Yep. Turned it off halfway through. Everyone seems so hyped about it but the movie came off as slow and unengaging
395	195	I loved that he's in that position at the end of the film and there's still a sense of intense paranoia, the way a curtain moves in the background, their body language, the way his face twitches.
396	1096	I read your substack article with interest, and subbed also. I would tend to agree with your general comments while disagreeing about the effectiveness of the scenario given as a thriller. If Fassbender is a sociopath truly without empathy, why does he care what happens to his partner? Why all the self-talk trying to convince himself that he's really such a stone-cold killer? Do stone-cold killers like songs about shyness and writing poetry to girls in Luxemburg? And if he's really a normie afte [...]
397	195	I loved that he's in that position at the end of the film and there's still a sense of intense paranoia, the way a curtain moves in the background, their body language, the way his face twitches.
398	907	True. Because it's easier to spot obvious things and harder to notice nuance. Once something is seen it begins to feel obvious too. Subtlety is more sylph-like and slips past more stealthily. I guess what I was trying to get at was that even the obvious things often seem to get missed by many. Sometimes wilfully it seems these days... Plus, it's pretty obvious that without the hive mind online, films would retain more of their mystery like they used to. Today, 100 hot takes can be harvested befo [...]
399	245	the audience knows he's a "normie" when he starts listening to the fucking Smiths lmao, his arc is him coming to terms with the fact that he isn't exceptional and is just like everyone else. why does it matter if the audience knows that already?
400	967	I see this is going nowhere... I'm having to repeat myself to you. Why do you say "This is all you" No it's not. I didn't make to movie! I am saying what happened in the movie. 1. "Men more specifically." Well yeah! They were men. Where did I lie? 2. "One man assauled(...) Other man raped(...) Same man stood by(...) it's these selfish twisted men destroying lifes." Again, point to where I lied. I just stated what happened. It is a fact. You're the one seeing misandry here. I am just seeing men d [...]
401	101	Indeed. But if I recall correctly the audio is edited to isolate that line. I could be wrong though.
402	92	My mistake. Thanks for pointing it out. Makes sense. That riff obliterated my memory again.
403	18	Adding to my list!
404	73	Children of Men and Come And See are the only ones that come close for me
405	93	I know who Charles Bronson is. I wrongly thought he was talking about a filmmaker. Thank you.
406	45	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Bronson
407	57	Says all you need to know about the rest of the film.....
408	242	you don’t give a shit but you wrote this whole post about it. so you do care. this is the most tired, beat to death topic in film right now. nothing you presented here is original or worth discussing deeper. get over it. log off. touch grass.
409	76	Who is Bronson? I thought he meant Bresson. Sorry for the ignorant question.
410	1083	It's just tiresome to litigate this over and over and over, especially when the original argument has been misconstrued and blown out of proportion--but that's the internet for you! Scorsese is still making some of the most important work of his career, and he continues to make movies that are thoughtful and well-crafted. He's also one of our major advocates for preservation and film history. His whole thing is just, "These movies aren't for me, and I wish we got different kinds of films that ar [...]
411	563	Yeah I somewhat agree, obviously those films are trash and there's a fundamental misunderstanding of how cinema works amidst a certain crowd of lowbrow watcher. their biggest gripes are usually superficial things like "plot holes" or "bad characters", and often use completely arbitrary statements like "pacing" to assess films, completely ignoring the importance of subtext. However I don't think appealing to authority in your last sentence is that fair. lot of great films have been critically pan [...]
412	143	It's not edgelord music, but when you think of a Smiths fan, you have an idea in your head, and it's not really that of this stone cold killer.
413	259	I don't remember the original text anymore :) and it's hard for me to guess what my mistake or expression, the online translator turned into a horror. Macskafogó - I remember watching. I remember I liked it The rest, on occasion. The problem of translation.
414	50	The first 20 minutes are the best part of of movie
415	36	US? You have multiple personalities?
416	36	Oh lord he’s a men’s rights guy 🤦‍♂️
417	181	Check the profile and don’t feed the troll. It’s a 10-day-old account spamming the same post to different subreddits, looking for attention. Just report it to the mods and move on.
418	558	“As if anyone gives a shit what these people think” Well first of all you do care. You scroll past 99 percent of things you see on Reddit without feeling the need to make a post about something you really don’t care about. I’m not a marvel fan either. But you really come across so far up your own ass calling people dweebs. “Widely agreed by every respected member of the industry to be objective garbage” This quote really shows you don’t know how Hollywood works, or what people in the industry re [...]
419	4	'sup
420	92	Tilda’s character is memorable to me. But overall I agree, i don’t think the rest will stick
421	1075	People who don’t have empathy don’t have to constantly tell themselves to not empathize with others. That’s a problem that I have with the movie. Fassbender plays the character as too cold when the entire narration is dedicated to him trying to detach himself from what he’s doing. I thought it should have been played in a way where messing up on the shot and killing an “innocent” basically sent him to confront the different parts of himself and his philosophy. The driver who is just doing his jo [...]
422	799	I wouldn't say it made me reevaluate him but I do agree with your assessment of the film. It lacks any depth or context. Ultimately what sets this apart from any number of the many films about a professional hit man taking revenge against those who have hurt someone they love? Put simply, what even sets this apart from something like John Wick? Fincher is technically superb. Sound design, editing, the colour of the shots. Yes all there. But the film offered little in the way of depth. I see peop [...]
423	70	Definitely agree on that selection tho I've never seen the Zeffirelli.
424	269	I grew up with Ghost Dog getting played at least once a month by my brothers. He was a staple in my house. Additional small role in ensemble, Smoke. It is one of my favorite movies and his performance always gets me. Plus great stuff from Harvey Keitel and William Hurt
425	785	It has got funny bits but suffers from serious genre confusion. I wanted it to be lampooning the character but honestly, he's a highly competent assassin and the movie spends a lot of time giving us conventional thriller entertainment like the fight with the brute. Of course it was poking fun at him frequently and that was when the movie was at its best by far, but he was right a lot of the time as well (e.g. Tilda Swinton's character was indeed pulling a knife). He wasn't a samurai manque in th [...]
426	449	Working in a mood of tranquil exuberance, the 80-year-old John Huston made a great warm, funny movie out of the great story that James Joyce wrote at 25. Huston never before blended his actors so intuitively, so musically. The party that the Morkan sisters and their fortyish niece give in their Dublin town house on January 6, 1904, the Feast of the Epiphany, suggests the Chekhov production of your dreams, or maybe one of Satyajit Ray's triumphs.
427	415	I've noticed that people grasp at subtlety as though it is some form of unheralded art. They'll point out the unsubtleness in a work (The Killer, being this primary example), but freely ignore the substance of subtlety within the work (in The Killer, the examination of id being at the forefront, among small details like the chorus of music chosen for his work playlist, reliance upon one particular handgun, etc.)
428	410	Perhaps, but the rapid editing style reminiscent of MTV has consistently been a preferred approach for specific stories and directors. I am reminded of Oliver Stone's frenetic editing in the 90s, which transformed even a three-hour-long epic like "Nixon" into a visually challenging experience. This technique was even evident in Orson Welles' final and ultimately completed film, "The Other Side of the Wind."
429	542	For sure, I enjoyed it okay but after my first watch I thought "that's it?". It sat with me though and I've found myself thinking about it more and more, especially the soundtrack stuck in my head. I know some of what we enjoy comes down to projection, so I don't at all begrudge anyone their empty feeling or associating it with Fincher's filmography. Though if someone wants to attribute their interpretation to his intention in order to fill in the meaning it wasn't meant to have, a part of me ca [...]
430	928	&gt;Where did I read misandry into the plot? Here: &gt;Men more specifically. One man assauled(...) Other man raped(...) Same man stood by(...)it's these selfish twisted men destroying lifes. This is all you. &amp;#x200B; &gt;Also what a hilarious thing to say about a movie where the plot revolves around a woman being brutally raped... Exactly. A woman is the victim. Men are the bad guys. &amp;#x200B; &gt;All this was to say I don't understand why you said this movie's plot "couldn't possibly be [...]
431	415	\&gt;We learn at the beginning that Fassbender’s character has no empathy This was the problem I had with the film. If he were this uncaring character, &gt;!then he wouldn't have a girlfriend he loves. !&lt; And the fact that they use the final line of the film to &gt;!state he was actually "one of the many" is fucking ridiculous because we knew that twenty minutes into the film when the girl is revealed.!&lt;
432	430	Interesting and very good take, which I completely missed but it seems obvious now. Thank you. \_\_\_ Though to be fair the Smiths lyric quote is misleading as the line is actually not a statement but a confrontational question. The song actually goes "You shut your mouth. *How can you say, I go about things the wrong way?*" and of course follows up with "I am human and I need to be loved, just like everybody else does."
433	607	At face value, maybe. But I think there is much more going on under the surface. It felt like a fun take on a Jason Bourne movie, and it felt like a satire of a Jason Bourne movie. (Kind of how Barry Lyndon feels like both a great example of a period piece and a parody of a period piece). Not to mention The Killer is a sendup of Fincher’s own perfectionist persona. He has his little OCD methods and rituals, yet he still screws up (kills the wrong target, thinks it takes 6 minutes to bleed out fr [...]
434	179	I always go back to the awful Mattel boardroom scene and the awkward cut revealing America Ferrera’s eavesdropping. Like, Greta, I saw Little Women I know you’re better than this!
435	1070	As others have said, his rules, his talk of cold blooded analysis, of detachment, of a lack of empathy, are repeatedly broken and yet he continues to repeat them. He contradicts himself over and over again and it begins to sound like he's out of his depth, that's he's far from this robotic, blank slate, this hired killer with no emotion, but is actually a rather frightened, paranoid individual who has to constantly repeat his mantra in order to maintain some semblance of control. Of course, fles [...]
436	280	Just curious what you think has really good fight choreography. For me, The Raid: Redemption is just so amazing that it kind of ruins everything else. I think Ong Bak is pretty great and the first two Ip Man movies, early Jackie Chan is fun, but that’s about it for me these days.
437	552	Definitely agree that it's complex, and your overall point is a very good one — it does become a self-fulfilling prophecy. That said, I don't think marketing is the only thing turning something like Jungle Cruise into a hit, though, given that it's got solid audience response. Marketing can maybe get butts in seats opening weekend, but it can't make people like a film. I think the problem runs deeper — before the marketing, it comes down to what kinds of movies studios are willing to invest in,  [...]
438	524	All well and valid. I’m certainly not here to tell anyone how to interpret the film nor will I dissuade if anyone enjoyed it. It truly does feel like a straightforward endeavor from Fincher—which he has every right to do. Ultimately, I guess what I’m saying is that I found it rather bland. That’s all. His worst film is still miles above most folks but feels a bit like an outlier compared to his other works. Thank you for sharing the information though, it certainly clarifies some of the ambiguit [...]
439	127	I did watch it many times as a kid and it does hold a place in my heart forever. I practically know the entire script by heart.
440	79	How many burner accounts do you have to post this again are you mentally ill???
441	1150	I had the actual opposite response. I'm not a huge Fincher fan, but I really respected the tone of the filmmaking, how it balanced its action, story, humor and satire. I thought the idea of having a killer recite these sociopathic statements about taking every advantage and abandoning empathy was a hilarious way to satirize the way everyone compartmentalizes their complicity in this global capitalist system that dehumanizes the many for the comfort of the few. We see the mask start to slip when  [...]
442	184	That middle one lives or dies based on how interesting and well depicted the virtual world is. It could be really great or it could be really awful, I don't think you can judge it yet.
443	156	The first song from the Smiths that plays in the film from the work playlist is "Well I Wonder." Jump to only 3 and a half minutes not the film to discover!
444	304	Yeah, I get what you’re saying. I’ve been watching that movie multiple times a year since it came out on video in the late 80s. I have no idea why it’s so beloved. It really is terrible, but we love it. I think if you saw it as a kid without a lot to compare it to it holds a place in your heart forever.
445	210	it’s the first 3h+ film where I was literally GLAD there was more left actually. We all have different sensibilities, if you didn’t like it that’s fine, but believe us when we say we genuinely liked the pacing.
446	333	How on God's green earth is Gone Girl a miss? It was hugely successful, critically adored, and an awards contender (with many people still chiming in to declare that Rosamund Pike was snubbed that year as the Oscar winner), and is often in conversation as one of his best or a viewer's favorite among his work and of the last decade.
447	955	It's not intended to be a career analysis, and that take is going to be unsatisfying to anyone but pretentious wannabes who will then point this out unprompted for years to come when it's brought up ☝️ 🤓 ☝️ &gt;“But here’s the thing,” he says. “The question we asked ourselves going in was: Could you hitch a ride with a sociopath who may not have a lot of emotional bandwidth, make it an intensely subjective experience, but still give somebody something that’s compelling to watch, rather than repu [...]
448	76	I’m saying even by action/martial arts movie standards, it’s very badly done
449	151	Definitely. There are references to corporations everywhere in the movie. I was surprised that he seemed to be making another movie about "the system".
450	133	You mean people don’t just stand there letting you repeatedly spin-kick them in the face in real life? Have you even been in a fight?
451	204	In my opinion The Killer is about as ‘footnote’ of a movie as it gets. No memorable characters. Nothing outside of what you expected from the genre. Nothing wrong with it - but nothing to write home about
452	338	As someone who loves boring movies The Killer was simultaneously not boring enough to be interesting and too exciting to be truly boring. The pacing of the action was slick and it was highly watchable but there was not any meat on the bone. I liked the score and the first scene but I would rather watch Le Samourai than a pale imitation.
453	1153	Yeah I think it's an interesting interpretation, but not Fincher's intent, although films are the product of a director's psyche and subconscious. I can see it easily becoming the association people will casually make about it for years, but really I take Fincher at his word that he just wanted to make a straight up vintage B-movie about an assassin: &gt;The Killer is really just a modern version of a vintage B movie. Mention this to Fincher and Walker, and both will agree that that’s exactly wh [...]
454	580	Strongly agree. It also didn’t help that the other characters in the story weren’t interesting at all, and when they were on screen had one sided conversations with the silent Killer. On one hand I get the general idea that The Killer is an anti-social psychopath so I’m fine with him not speaking a lot - but then give us some other character we can enjoy or that contrasts in some way Also seemed like a lot of him breaking his own rules which he was constantly reciting in his head. Maybe that was [...]
455	353	Absolutely. I think it's really important what goes said and unsaid in his inner thoughts. His philosophy about life also seems to be all over the place and superficial. I like the thought that the Killer is kind of like a filmmaker, but I just don't get much out of that interpretation. Also I think Fincher would never make a movie about himself haha
456	117	Yeah, I read the book and watched the movie recently, and then did some research into it and came across this thread.
457	9	Ah gotcha
458	907	I don't have anything in mind specifically around the time of Jungle Cruise, it was mostly just an easy target for the "semi-successful on an insanely big budget because they poured a fuckload into marketing (rather than anything special in the film itself)." I think the bigger thing I'm getting at is that it feels like these things can be, on some level, self-fulfilling prophecies. Now, I obviously don't think giving a 50m marketing budget to a Bela Tarr movie is going to make it a smash hit, b [...]
459	90	Yeah I was replying to your comment. I was agreeing with you, in contrast to what OP said.
460	360	Wow a reply to a seven year old comment. Not sure it was mine you were replying to? It looks like I'd said it was random: &gt; But he is also arbitrary. He will kill indiscriminately, randomly. Anyone, just as a matter or consequence of chance. That's life. I think the nature of the randomness is the scene with the gas station owner. Death comes for us all
461	422	I missed it in theatres sadly. I concur with what you say though. It did feel a bit like him making peace with himself - an older man looking back at an enfent terrible. It's almost as if the Tilda character shows him what his life could be like: enjoying things. The bear joke too. I'll be interested to see what he does next. It's another Netflix project and for some reason I think it's gonna be a bit of a left turn.
462	256	Wow. I don't agree. Pacino is fantastic in everything. If you go in expecting an action movie, you will be disappointed. The shootout was not the point. It was basically a soap opera for men, about how this cop and this criminal live oddly similar lives.
463	487	The Oscars' idea of great cinematography is stuff like Out of Africa, The Sound of Music, Braveheart, Lawrence of Arabia, Dances with Wolves, etc. That is to say wide open vistas of magnificent nature, epic battlefields, gorgeous stars, etc. This isn't necessarily bad, but it's a very narrow lense to look at the varieties of the form It's the same thing that happened with Point Blank, Shame, Night of the Hunter, Red Circle, Carrie and countless others. They just don't fit the type.
464	467	Studios are playing it safe and just rehashing stuff they previously did. I read an interesting piece of information the other day: if you exclude 2020, when studios were pulling all their big fare to put on hold, of all the top 10 movies since 2016, only two of them were completely original, i.e., not based on comic books, a remake, or something of the sort. But if you're starved for these kinds of movies, the 70s through the 90s were something of a golden age.
465	924	Great analysis! I think you're absolutely right that for Nora, Hae Sung represents nostalgia for Korea and an urge to hold onto her roots more than he represents an actual love interest. Hae Sung's visit forces Nora to confront the fact that all the years she spent in America have slowly but irrevocably changed her in fundamental ways and is no longer the young girl she once was in Korea. (For Hae Sung, on the other hand, Nora is absolutely still a love interest, even though she also represents  [...]
466	597	Glad there are more of us! I've started to wonder if I'm the only one who appreciates this movie as a masterpiece. I watch a lot of films, and I always come back to this as my favourite. I just watched it again, and there's always more subtle details I pick up on. The acting, the mood, the dense plot, the music. Everything is as good as it gets! I'm sad to se Thomas Alfredson held back after The Snowman which had problems with funding, so filming had to be severly cut short. You should see Alfre [...]
467	1281	Very much on point here. I think Nietzsche wants us to confront a sort of nihilistic quality of culture and the story we're telling ourselves ONLY long enough for us to register this as an underlying reality. The confrontation with nothingness in life is necessary in so much as it causes us to re-evaluate all values and make us reach for something beyond ourselves, values of our own creation, what those are... is up to each individual. As to OP's comments relating to the Eternal recurrence of th [...]
468	273	There's one in theatres right now, No Hard Feelings. Bottoms is coming out soon too.I just thought of Shiva Baby and Do Revenge, too. People just aren't going to the theatres to see those kind of films anymore. Its all migrating to streaming either as movies or TV shows.
469	82	A very dialogue heavy movie in a sort of unpleasant way. I still liked it, though.
470	72	All of Chris Nolan's movies suffer from the "Basil Exposition" syndrome.
471	179	&gt;But the same cinematographer got nominated that same year for One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. You could think of the award being for both films. Indeed, a very good film
472	256	&gt;An Oscar nomination is not necessarily some "official" determination of what's great or not. No doubt, there are many more examples. &gt; You should look at the other four nominees that year in addition to Barry Lyndon. Very impressive films, indeed
473	20	So did you enjoy it?
474	244	&gt;Because it was a horror movie, and that genre is almost always neglected by the Oscars. Yeah, but OPs point is well-taken because the Academy did nominate Jaws for the other major categories... It obviousy didn't win, but it was nominated!
475	211	Hmmm. I mean, its not the prettiest looking movie I've ever seen, and while I'm not saying the purpose of good cinematography is to be pretty, surely that ups your chances at getting a nomination for your pains!
476	600	&gt;I just watched JAWS for the first time, great film, great story and action loved it. But there was one thing I loved more about this film, the cinematography. I was amazed by it. Yet, how was this not nominated for the Cinematography section at the Oscars. Of course, with Barry Lindon as another nominee JAWS had no chance but it was still a great competitor. Because it was a horror movie, and that genre is almost always neglected by the Oscars. But the same cinematographer got nominated that [...]
477	394	An Oscar nomination is not necessarily some "official" determination of what's great or not. Secondly, there's only room for 5 nominees. You should look at the other four nominees that year in addition to Barry Lyndon. They likely will have had some pretty impressive cinematography. Interestingly enough Bill Butler was nominated that year for another film "One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest."
478	805	I admit that I have a bit of a knee jerk tendency in my personality to go against the grain. It's definitely a character flaw. You're definitely right that the notion of the film bro should include wanting to be edgy for edginesses sake. Many teenagers have that desire to be iconoclastic whether it's conscious or not. I'm far from a teen but still have this issue, I must admit. I thought the "suffering for one's art" thing could have made more sense or been a better devil's advocate argument if  [...]
479	453	I do think Miles matured through the film in an internal way: He matured through discovering he didn't really want what he though he wanted (at least 3 times) and at the same time having a new appreciation for both what he's capable of and is free will and the love of his family. We do need the closure from BTS, but while his process is ongoing (like Paul's in Dune and Luke's in ESB) we do see his change from the beginning of the movie to the end.
480	2042	I agree that ESB is better structured. I would argue that ATS while does build the confrontation with Spot, that is akin to the buildup of the Emperor. The antagonist for ATS is Miguel and that, I think, is one of the strongest points of the film, and even for those who don't agree, at least I hope I can express a valid point to consider: Usually in superhero movies it is pretty common to have proactive villains and reactionary heroes. Villains want to change the world, which makes them compelli [...]
481	182	Yea, it's such a good movie to add to the canon. And thanks for the correction. For whatever reason, I thought a love triangle was A loves B loves C loves A. But I stand corrected.
482	29	Damn, typed too fast. Fixed.
483	243	I know everyone's entitled to their opinion, but I honestly can't understand how anyone could find Kidman being the better actor in that movie, especially in the scene you mentioned. Like, what ...Glad your comment has more support than his :D
484	2066	I see your point and hadn't considered it that way. They reasons I liked it the way it was built was for the naked desire: Miles misses his friends from movie 1. He wants to be with them and Gwen. He feels like he doesn't belong anywhere and then the girls she wants comes back and tells him there's this small spider group she's in. So he gets closer to getting what he wants, but it's still denied to him so these: &gt; Miles is interfering with the canon, Miles is not meant to be Spider-Man for m [...]
485	255	Brian by Jeremy Cooper is a novel that follows a few decades in the life of a man who, after a nagging desire to see a Clint Eastwood film, joins BFI Southbank and comes to use cinema as his only vice in a life of relative solitude and deliberate routine.
486	232	I’ve seen this countless times. It is an absolute high water mark of animation. The style of animation reminds me of Redline, Super Jail, and also somewhat of FLCL. Dead Leaves reminds me mostly of Superjail just not quite as goofy.
487	616	Can’t fault your feelings if you thought the middle lulled, but I don’t understand how your suggestion could work structurally. We need them to have romance as adults for the final act to be remotely effective. Hae Sung has to represent a more meaningful connection than “childhood crush.” The long distance “relationship” and subsequent fizzle was fundamental to the themes: that they were so close to working out, but circumstance made it *just* impractical enough that they stayed apart. Maybe in  [...]
488	1026	Two people each loving the same third person certainly makes a love triangle, just google around for how the phrase is commonly used. I totally agree that the lack of details on Nora and Arthur’s relationship is not a weakness, though. It’s *essentially* a tale about Nora and Hae Sung in which Arthur is crucially involved, not an even three hander. The pillow talk scene between Nora and Arthur is more than enough to establish them as a couple for me. As well as the hilarious scene the next morni [...]
489	50	Booksmart is the best of the bunch in recent years
490	1369	One of my favorite aspects as first generation immigrant kid is that it's also a fantastic parallel for how it can feel to look at your parent's country. Choosing between her American husband and her Korean admirer almost feels like a choice between the culture themselves. Hae Sung is almost the perfect Korean man. He represents these virtues of Korean culture, quiet masculinity, obvious intelligence and ambition, and being physically fit. The idea of visiting Korea is so strongly tied to Hae Su [...]
491	181	Agreed. And while we're here, I thought conversations at the bar in the end were perfect. The movie did a great job of never stepping on or ruining what it has already laid out.
492	510	Very glad to see this mentioned here. This is a special movie for all of the reasons you describe — it’s just this kind of magical one-off thing that couldn’t have been longer, couldn’t have been shorter, couldn’t have been live action, etc etc. I saw it in my youth and loved it, then rewatched it again recently and was shocked to find how brilliant it is. Style over substance, trashy, hyperkinetic, unapologetic fun. Just pure amoral fun. A lot of movies try for this tone and very few manage it  [...]
493	251	Pacino took it past eccentric to “14 year old with too much caffeine during the holidays.” I am willing to forgive some of the pacing and weird sexual/gender role decisions as a symptom of the times, but the acting felt B movie, and not in a good way.
494	72	Daniel Rossen and his previous band Grizzly Bear are absolute treasures.
495	599	Thanks for your thoughts. I think you're right that Arthur is not actually a tragic figure. He only feels like a tragic figure over the course of the movie because it focuses on Hae Sung's visit, and it is understandably difficult for Arthur to process Hae Sung's unique connection with Nora. But ultimately Nora is fully committed to Arthur. That doesn't mean Hae Sung is a tragic figure either - as Nora says, Hae Sung knows that he can always cherish the memories of the girl he knew and the possi [...]
496	137	Agreed! The music stood out as a highlight and I immediately listened to the soundtrack again last night on my way home from the theater.
497	191	Yeah, about 90% of the time when there's a runtime discrepancy, this is the reason. The pitch is usually slightly off on these releases too, since it needs to keep time with the faster speed.
498	1796	I don’t care that this is ten years old. The thread is here and so I will offer my two cents: Lynch famously never explains his pictures. Partly because he doesn’t want to ruin the mystery and partly because I think he genuinely doesn’t know what they’re about himself. He fishes his ideas as you would fish a fish a fish. It usually starts with a mood or a feeling or a scenario and he just goes from there. In terms of ambience/mood I think he hits the nail on the head with Eraserhead, Lost Highwa [...]
499	13	This is crazy
500	295	Some examples of these kinds of comedies released in the last few years. There are probably more: Blockers (2018) Booksmart (2019) Yes, God, Yes (2019) Freaky (2022) Happy Death Day / 2 U (2017/19) To All the Boys I've Loved Before + sequels (2018/20/21) Do Revenge (2022) Bottoms (2023)
501	227	One of the biggest recent comedy movie successes I can think of was Weird: The Al Yankovic Story, and that movie thrived off word of mouth from eager Weird Al fans who were hungry for another comedy movie event from their hero.
502	232	i had a pretty seriousl painkiller habit myself for years, the comparison i was making was more about the hysteria the movie treats the subject rather than a comparison of the drugs themselves, which i agree aren't really comparable
503	483	But Blondie double-crosses Tuco first? All of Tuco's plotting against Blondie is in retaliation for Blondie's initial action. When they're talking at the beginning of the film, he says: "Whoever double crosses me and leaves me alive understands nothing about Tuco." This heavily implies that this isn't an ongoing thing -- they've been true to each other so far. So, based on the film Blondie is the one who couldn't be trusted because he leaves Tuco to die in the desert first.
504	136	I personally wouldn't equate opiates with marijuana. I had people in my life die from opiates. I see your point about the melodrama tho.
505	34	Yo, just say you're racist and go.
506	35	It's so effin good start to finish.
507	67	YOU BETTER GO TO A SCREENWRITER WHO WRITES WEAKER SCRIPTS, TRAVELER
508	503	Well, it's not ten minutes, it's six, but you can do the math: a movie running 25fps instead of 24 gets one second ahead every 24 seconds. If a movie should be 7200 seconds long (two hours) but you're getting ahead by one second for every 24, then that's 300 seconds faster by the end of the movie (5 minutes). This is no longer an issue in the blu-ray era, as pretty much everything is presented in 24fps that's supposed to be, but OP has a DVD, where this problem was a necessary fault of the forma [...]
509	453	He died because he got manipulated into barging into Sals business screaming and blasting music. Naturally Sal gets angry and smashes his radio, then Radio Raheem attacks Sal and starts choking him to death. The cops come and yes what they did was awful and unnecessary but it certainly wasn’t unprovoked. It’s not as if they killed him strictly because of his color. That was definitely a factor but the main reason was because he was being violent af.
510	160	The cop’s reaction was completely ridiculous but why do you act as if it was completely unprovoked as if he wasn’t trying to MURDER Sal and choke him to death 🙄
511	89	Somehow I missed that Grizzly Bear broke up?! But I’m excited to listen to Rossen’s album
512	566	Why tf would he hire black and Hispanic strangers when he could have his two sons work there. Unlike most people in these shit neighborhoods Sal is actually passionate about what he does. He calls Radio Raheem the N word after they barge into his place blasting music and screaming and call him slurs first. Sal did nothing wrong, I literally can’t think of one reason why what happened was even remotely Sals fault. It was completely buggin outs fault. Also, why would he put MLK and Malcom X on the [...]
513	778	&gt;I agree that it is probably one of the most important films ever made u/adamlundy23 It's top 5 in the TSPDT list along with Citizen Kane, Vertigo, Tokyo Story and 2001 Space Odyssey. They collect a list from all critiques' and directors' favourite movies from all times and create the list. It's a very good list if you want to learn about which movies are recognized: [TSPDT LIST](https://www.theyshootpictures.com/gf1000_startinglist_table.php) As others say, it gets better when you learn more [...]
514	138	Spike Lee confirmed this isn’t true. Mookie did it purely out of misdirected anger and blamed a completely innocent man for Raheems death.
515	660	You totally miss the point when people talk about this movie. They’re not saying Radio Raheems life is unimportant or less important than sals pizza place, they’re saying that Sal was completely innocent and had nothing to do with Radio Raheems death and that Mookies anger was completely misdirected. If anyone is responsible for his death besides the police, it’s buggin out. The cops killing radio Raheem was horrible and totally unnecessary but it’s not as if it was unprovoked on his part, after [...]
516	550	No he didn’t. He chose to misdirect his anger towards an innocent man named Sal and destroy his restaurant. Sal had nothing to do with what the cops did. Radio Raheem was killed because him and buggin out came into Sals restaurant and started blasting music and screaming in his face, Sal got mad and smashed his radio and then he grabbed Sal and started choking him to death so the cops came and killed radio Raheem unnecessarily. It was awful but it wasn’t exactly unprovoked. The only one in the e [...]
517	49	I legit thought I was the only one! Thanks homie!
518	306	Judd Apatow reduced cinematic cinema to two dudes saying funny things in non-descrupt rooms which essentially rendered it equal to tiktok and youtube content so most people stopped going to see comedies in theater. They have almost the same thing at home, comedically speaking, for free, why bother paying?
519	271	I didn't like it. The middle third where they're talking over Skype should have been cut out and more time spent developing their childhood and present day. Or more time developing their teenage years right after Nora leaves Korea. The dialogue was also awkward at times.
520	1179	First, thanks for writing this. Well done. I loved this movie. Note: It isn't quite a love triangle, in that there is no third side btw, but I get your point. I understand wanting more about the history of Nora and Arthur, but I think it was a masterful call to not dive deeper into Nora and Arthur's past. While it could have added a bit of detail, it would have stretched the movie and all we actually need to know is that they love each other and have a long history. And that's already establishe [...]
521	358	Yeah it sucks. Basically all midbudget US comedies that did well have died as genre. With the rare exceptions here and there. Those that're made for streaming mostly suck. It seems studios are too risk averse, or see tv scratching that itch better. I dunno what the answer is - how what was once a type of film that got people out to the cinema can return.
522	53	Turn of century Brooklyn looked dope in movie though.
523	409	I also really enjoyed the book. Didn’t read it until a couple years ago. It gave me more Fallout mental imagery vs the film, and I liked the protagonist more in the book. The movie is a work of art. Each scene a painting I’d love to see in a gallery, or on my wall. I adore the mood. The soundtrack is peak 80s, and nostalgic. I’ll rewatch often for all those reasons, and not the story. It’s nice both exist.
524	6	My bad
525	73	What does that mean? How can higher framerate make it 10minutes shorter?
526	132	Loved Booksmart, and also Eighth Grade. Second Easy A, an absolute favourite. And for a madcap teenagers in love film, try Rosaline.
527	235	Wrong. Heart of Darkness had nothing to do with satirizing imperialism. It was about the duality of man, of either giving into savagery or maintaining your humanity all set up with the backdrop of Belgian colonialism to evoke vitality.
528	50	Booksmart is so good! I also really enjoyed Moxie.
529	275	Prince of Darkness has serious momentum. It takes a little while to get cooking but once it does, it is so much fun, and it climaxes hinting at something with true enormity. Love this film, one of my top 2 or 3 from Carpenter. And his score helps give the movie its thrust.
530	15	no fucking way.
531	173	I’m looking for what the genre or category is called, maybe something that’s taught in movie school. This genre fascinates me and yes, Mortal Engines falls in that category.
532	301	i don't agree that it sucks, it's at least nice to look at and the score is great, but it does make me sad that they made a movie where they could've done anything they wanted, constructing an entire dream world with its own logic, and instead they jumped between what felt like levels in a video game
533	172	requiem for a dream is reefer madness for the 21st century. it's well constructed but it's so fuckin ridiculously over-the-top melodramatic that it's hard to take seriously
534	117	Thanks for sharing these accounts! (You mistyped the Sarris account, it's notandrewsarris. Couldn't find it at first)
535	489	I'm really tired of guys like you who think it's clever to shit on Wes Anderson with the argument "it's all random". If you're incapable of analyzing the movie, it doesn't make you anymore of an authority to criticize it. I made a lot of effort in my post to give a few leads about WA choices and in what Asteroid City differs from his other movies, but it's very clear that nobody really reads it either. But it still doesn't make it the right place for the rant you came up with, buddy.
536	343	It’s not a stoner film. The main character (and only the main character) happens to smoke weed. He doesn’t even do it that much. It’s not at all a stoner movie, nor does it try to be. The fact that the main character is lazy and highly unmotivated is way more important to the story than the fact that he smokes an occasional joint in the tub.
537	122	You don’t know if it’s a well made film or not? What? You don’t notice things like cinematography or direction or editing?
538	51	What’s wrong with your soul? I’m concerned for you.
539	304	Hi ! I really enjoy lurking on this subreddit, but posting on Reddit always means a big effort to structure a nice big paragraph that is going to stay around. Does anyone has an invite for something like a Discord server where people enjoy to chat casually about movies and recommand each other stuff ?
540	324	Recently, Top Gun: Maverick. I try to judge movies by how well they accomplish what they set out to do, and I think this movie nailed what it was going for. I think it’s about as good as a Top Gun sequel probably could’ve been. I still didn’t like it. I admire it, and respect it, but that brand of cheese just isn’t for me.
541	53	I honestly think Green Mile is a laughably bad movie.
542	66	Now say that 2001 is underwhelming and you'll end everyone in here
543	264	I've seen every major Tarantino film bar Jackie Brown (I should get around to that), but I have zero interest in rewatching any of them, and I'm pretty sure I didn't bother finishing a couple. I think I get why people like them, but idk, they just leave me cold.
544	70	I just copied and pasted this list from the theyshootpictures website.
545	88	I need to check it out! I regret not seeing it in theaters but I really should watch it.
546	1162	Whilst there are natural lines to be drawn with Seventh Seal, what with Death as a character, the film is a remake of Death Takes A Holiday from 1934, itself I believe an adaption of an Italian play. I haven't seen the original but it seems to be held in quite high regard and most likely a superior film to the remake. I always felt it was a kind of hollywood double hit like deep impact/armageddon alongside City of Angels. Both came out in 1998 and were existential romances dealing with the after [...]
547	181	I loved Bardo so much, a bit bizarre to me that it hasn’t been discussed much, but I wonder how accessible it is to people without some baseline of Mexican history/culturalknowledge
548	170	You know what, I think you are right. They love to publish these lists prematurely so it's totally possible they passed over Babylon in order to get the list out earlier.
549	99	I'm so glad to hear that. :) I looked for it as well, but... :( Maybe gotta ask in Japanese forums.
550	593	For someone who was really young in 1995 your post is filled with boomer-level "phones = bad" ideas about young people. People still strike up conversations and make new connections and wonder around cities without navigation despite having smartphones. There are plot points that wouldn't work if the movie is made and set today - namely, the ending, since not exchanging phone numbers, e-mail or social media accounts WOULD actually be too contrived if set today - but you can definitely tell a sto [...]
551	224	&gt;Also, does anyone have suggestions for a under-the-radar, 'fun' popcorn movie from this list? I'm leaning towards 'Decision to Leave' based on the director's past Maybe check out Athena. :) I love Decision to Leave tho!
552	887	It feels rather snobbish to just exclude Avatar 2 from the list. Film snobs seem to love to hate on the late James Cameron. That being said, there's no argument that the plot of 2 is once again predictable and has a lot of cliches, but Cameron does not care for these kind of things. He wants to play some high notes and in the meantime explore some very basic philosophical ideas in a fucking breathtakingly gorgeous way - nothing wrong with that. That might resonate with younger people much more t [...]
553	48	What’s the relevance of Avatar breaking records?
554	149	What do you mean by “people desperate to project significance and meaning into an empty vessel”? Are you talking about the people who like the movie?
555	358	Could you please explain the Elvis love to me? I am curious to hear what you loved about it - to my eyes it’s the oddity in that top 20 list you have I don’t really know what else to say to meet the comment minimum limit rule, as I’m just asking an open-ended question to seek someone else’s views… so I’ll just say it again - what did you like about Elvis?
556	919	Apart from a phenomenally shot first act that easily reaches the heights of any other Eggers film? It gets the time in many ways so damn right, and the atmosphere of that time. Maybe you don't care much for that topic or time period but as a fellow fanatic of the likes of Wardruna and a keen interest of paganism &amp; Co. this film just hits all the right notes. It's such a delight that Eggers repeatedly showed to take religions very seriously even when he directly criticizes their effects as in [...]
557	191	‘tightly written’ Oh definitely. But I think that’s how I could enjoy Bruges over Banshees. Bruges gives me Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels vibes but imo a tad better if I had to choose.
558	112	What do you mean by self-indulgent? I see this term come up heaps and I still don’t know precisely what it means
559	297	Glass Onion knows what it is and executes that vision better. For all its grandeur and tributes to pre-Code Hollywood, I felt that Babylon had very annoying dialogue and Robbie and Pitt’s characterisation did not sustain my interest for the running time. Elvis is trash, worst movie I saw in 2022
560	13	Go ahead, try
561	107	Such a horrendous take on aftersun. It’s a superbly made film that certainly flies by at around 90 minutes.
562	138	somebody here really likes Kimi, because they keep downvoting all these replies :P I wish they'd pipe in and let us know why they liked it
563	282	I was actually wondering if maybe every publication felt like they needed to be on Soderberg's good side for some reason, so I guess I was getting conspiracy-minded too lol The only reason I stuck through it was because it took place in my city and it was fun to see familiar sites
564	341	It really undercuts your point that instead of providing arguments for why you think The Northman is a better movie, you chose to write four different versions of the same sentence. Okay, we get it. It's not just that you won't further elaborate on your point, but no one should dare and try discuss why Glass Onion might be a better movie.
565	527	Studios set up critics' screenings and send digital copies of the movie to critics. Believe me, it was seen by every serious critic that works for a major outlet or is a member of a major critics' association or awards group. Films by major directors, production and distribution companies and/or awards season potential opening in December (even the last week of December) is not a new thing, and it's film marketing 101 to have it in front of critics and award show voters before top 10 lists and n [...]
566	291	i disagree with the idea that jeff seems more real with dorothy. maybe that was the intention but…they barely say two words to each other?? to me he’s more fascinated with her in the way that a lot of men think they like with just cause you’re pretty without actually getting to know you lol
567	39	just thought it was frickin epic brah 🤘
568	649	&gt;Satyajit Ray is a lesser filmmaker than Ingmar Bergman Satyajit Ray already gets plenty of international acclaim. As you mentioned sin your original post, he is the exception to the rule. Do you have any recommendations for the other directors you mentioned? I think the main problem faced by Western (or maybe non-Indian) audiences and critics, is that there's so much output from India's different movie scenes that it's hard to navigate as an outsider. It's massive and dense, and those outsid [...]
569	65	Roger Ebert went so far as to call him a troll, which is spot-on.
570	319	Probably the fairest review he could've given. Man I loved those movies when I saw them in theatres at like 7 years old, especially that sequel -- was that Monsters Unleashed? But for an adult... yeah i can't imagine concluding anything other than "it is what it is" I still can't believe Matthew Lillard played Shaggy
571	234	I had the same reaction to Kimi. It was just so so bad. I don’t think I’ve ever bought into a single conspiracy in my whole life but I could be convinced that there is a one going on to make people think this terrible movie is good.
572	128	With mediocre films, I always have to think of Leonard Maltin's 5-word review of one of the ScoobyDoo films: "It is what it is."
573	189	I find films based on just meta critic ratings (watch mostly everything over 75). Happy to know that I had 49/50 on my watch list already, except crimes of the future, which only scored 67.
574	893	What did you like about Northman? Felt like a film that was adding in spooky action scenes to reach mass audiences. But the action was pretty boring in retrospect, the twist with Nicole Kidman was telegraphed, and I had no reaction to the last 30 minutes other than thinking Skaarsgards character wasn’t much of a hero if he got his ass kicked for most of the film and then couldn’t even beat his “evil” uncle. Not sure what the point is of wasting the screen time to get that badass sword when he sp [...]
575	125	I think most people rightly assume that White is merely producing click-bait rather than actually engaging in film criticism.
576	162	The Menu was terrible and it’s omission is well deserved. The movie had absolutely nothing interesting to say. Every point it tries to make is full of hypocrisy.
577	1128	When I love a film, I can gush about it endlessly, for hours and hours, without pause. But I won't usually be talking technicality -- I'll simply talk about the many ways in which I was moved. Moments and beats that affected me on an instinctive and emotional level. When I dislike a film, I find, strangely, that I can do almost the same thing -- go on endlessly about why I hated it, but in this case I will probably be overly technical about how the film failed. I can do both of these to a simila [...]
578	920	I am with you. Bad films have problems that you can't get over, that you can't overlook - so it is (most of the time) easy to put into words what you did not like about such a film. Good films often come together perfectly; all the "moving parts" are good, but they also combine to create something bigger. Almost impossible to describe in writing (or otherwise). But even though it is "easier", I still don't enjoy writing bad reviews, because it mostly frustrates me. It frustrates me that I watche [...]
579	40	I thought Babylon was a damn masterpiece
580	261	I agree and am quite partial to surrealism myself too. Have you seen Bardo yet? I felt what Innaritu went for with that and was pretty great, Khondi's cinematography was awesome too, and was gutted to see it get a lukewarm reception as it deserves so much more.
581	169	I thought Kimi was awful. I feel like I am losing my mind every time I’m seeing people’s opinions of the year’s films bc it seems to always come up. I guess we’re crazy.
582	736	Nice post, but I think you're being way too pessimistic about phones. People definitely still strike up conversation on trains, especially two hot people in their early 20s riding solo through Europe. You think the modern day Ethan Hawke, an American traveling abroad, full of piss and vinegar, is going to scroll on his phone when Julie Delpy sits down next to him? And old couples will *definitely* choose to loudly bicker (no matter their surroundings) instead of sink into their phones. I'm also  [...]
583	223	There are almost every movie I loved but Godland, also the Northman. Godland in particular is a movie I want to see again and again. Crimes of the future (I love Cronenberg) is a joke of a movie, shouldn't be in this list.
584	308	Curious if you got to watch Bardo by Alejandro Inarittu? I put it in my top 10 and love his surreal style mixing in with the meta life. I haven’t seen it on any lists much but I really resonate with it. Could be that it’s also because I’m a Mexican/American and I relate with the heavy intercultural themes.
585	383	When Sight and Sound's 50 best films of 2022 (generated from submitted critics top 10 lists) came out on Dec. 19, Showing Up got an even higher ranking of 13 (from 12 votes). I don't know Babylon's exact release schedule (first showing November?), but it shows it's first review on RT was in mid-December. Most or all critics top films of the year lists were already out by then...
586	1231	I’m 2 years late to this discussion but the film gets high praises from me because it mirrors my life. I came from a lower middle class family. My mom, while enjoying former glories like the mom from parasite, had the propensity to moonlight as a member of the upper class. She thought having a service job, close to rich people made her part of that world. She’d work in their homes, take some their unused, brand name items and she considered that a win. Her only concept of a retirement plan was m [...]
587	284	I love Jackass but did not see the most recent one. It does seem like Jackass is a young man's game, and I would imagine it doesn't work when they seem old and beaten down. It doesn't seem like something you recruit for, but I do wonder where the new breed of Jackass-like guys are.
588	119	I mean SHOWING UP literally just played at Cannes and it's on here. There has been way more opportunity to see Babylon.
589	389	Little late here, but I just finished banshees and last week gave In Bruges a rewatch (after 10ish years). I found In Bruge to be the more tightly written movie, but both actors have matured significantly in their talent, and so I found the performances were better by both in Banshees. Overall, both good to great films and each approach some philosophical ideas with some dark humor.
590	212	That's exactly how I felt! I thought it was heading towards something great and I liked a lot of the ideas it set up, then just got increasingly confusing and makes such big jumps in time without any explanation.
591	4	woah
592	676	Honestly, one of the best things you can do is just read and listen to a bunch of good critics. Its not to copy them. It gives you insight into what they're looking for and how they deconstruct a film. Pay specific attention to how they come to their conclusions about what they deem good or bad. You don't even have to agree with it, but it can show you a systematic approach to film criticism. This would help you narrow in on expressing your own opinions on why you like or dislike a film. There r [...]
593	698	When you're reading a review, you're usually reading nothing more than an opinion that cites its sources a little more than normal. You can do the same thing, though. How often do you feel like you can justify your own opinions without reading an opinion? If there's a scene in a movie you especially like, how well are you able to articulate what exactly you like about it and why? Most of the time, I find that when I feel the least sure of my own opinions, it's because I haven't really thought to [...]
594	790	My only advice, which has been working for me, is simply to watch more movies. The more you watch, the more you have the ability to critique and think. You’ll notice down the line how you fondly remember the pacing of X movie, the camera work of Y movie, and the performances of Z movie after watching more and finding your own preferences. End of the day, enjoyment is subjective, so you’ll never be wrong about how you feel a movie is. The important thing isn’t to be original and feel intellectual [...]
595	265	They included Glass Onion but not The Northman. In my opinion that is an absurd opinion. An opinion that could not be justified to me under any circumstances. I would disagree with that opinion regardless of the explanation. I simply can’t co-sign such a viewpoint.
596	27	I absolutely agree with you
597	63	Really? Most of these movies are pretty popular and mainstream.
